site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109.md, before:

---
title: '2.3 Moneyball: The Power of Sports Analytics '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: a0d73a50dd4b502219efde0243d65e3a_quick-question-109
    weight: 150
---
*   [<Video 3: Predicting Runs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs" %}})
*   [2.3.1A Quick Introduction to Baseball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics" %}})
*   [2.3.2Video 1: The Story of Moneyball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-1-the-story-of-moneyball" %}})
*   [2.3.3Video 2: Making it to the Playoffs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-2-making-it-to-the-playoffs" %}})
*   [2.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-106" %}})
*   [2.3.5Video 3: Predicting Runs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs" %}})
*   [2.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109" %}})
*   [2.3.7Video 4: Using the Models to Make Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-4-using-the-models-to-make-predictions" %}})
*   [2.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-119" %}})
*   [2.3.9Video 5: Winning the World Series]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-5-winning-the-world-series" %}})
*   [2.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-126" %}})
*   [2.3.11Video 6: The Analytics Edge in Sports]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-6-the-analytics-edge-in-sports" %}})
*   [2.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-134" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: Using the Models to Make Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-4-using-the-models-to-make-predictions" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

If a baseball team's OBP is 0.311 and SLG is 0.405, how many runs do we expect the team to score?

Using the linear regression model constructed during the lecture (the one that uses OBP and SLG as independent variables), enter the number of runs we expect the team to score:

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

Our linear regression model was:

Runs Scored = -804.63 + 2737.77\*(OBP) + 1584.91\*(SLG)

Here, OBP is 0.311 and SLG is 0.405, so our prediction is:

Runs Scored = -804.63 + 2737.77\*0.311 + 1584.91\*0.405 = 689 runs

If a baseball team's opponents OBP (OOBP) is 0.297 and oppenents SLG (OSLG) is 0.370, how many runs do we expect the team to allow?

Using the linear regression model discussed during the lecture (the one on the last slide of the previous video), enter the number of runs we expect the team to allow:

Exercise 2

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

Our linear regression model was:

Runs Allowed = -837.38 + 2913.60\*(OOBP) + 1514.29\*(OSLG)

Here, OOBP is 0.297 and OSLG is 0.370, so our prediction is:

Runs Scored = -837.38 + 2913.60\*(.297) + 1514.29\*(.370) = 588 runs

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: Predicting Runs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: Using the Models to Make Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-4-using-the-models-to-make-predictions" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109.md, after:

---
title: '2.3 Moneyball: The Power of Sports Analytics '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: a0d73a50dd4b502219efde0243d65e3a_quick-question-109
    weight: 150
    parent: fcb6a63f4737920a80bf15309d3ee7b6_moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics
---
*   [<Video 3: Predicting Runs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs" %}})
*   [2.3.1A Quick Introduction to Baseball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics" %}})
*   [2.3.2Video 1: The Story of Moneyball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-1-the-story-of-moneyball" %}})
*   [2.3.3Video 2: Making it to the Playoffs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-2-making-it-to-the-playoffs" %}})
*   [2.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-106" %}})
*   [2.3.5Video 3: Predicting Runs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs" %}})
*   [2.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109" %}})
*   [2.3.7Video 4: Using the Models to Make Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-4-using-the-models-to-make-predictions" %}})
*   [2.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-119" %}})
*   [2.3.9Video 5: Winning the World Series]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-5-winning-the-world-series" %}})
*   [2.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-126" %}})
*   [2.3.11Video 6: The Analytics Edge in Sports]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-6-the-analytics-edge-in-sports" %}})
*   [2.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-134" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: Using the Models to Make Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-4-using-the-models-to-make-predictions" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

If a baseball team's OBP is 0.311 and SLG is 0.405, how many runs do we expect the team to score?

Using the linear regression model constructed during the lecture (the one that uses OBP and SLG as independent variables), enter the number of runs we expect the team to score:

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

Our linear regression model was:

Runs Scored = -804.63 + 2737.77\*(OBP) + 1584.91\*(SLG)

Here, OBP is 0.311 and SLG is 0.405, so our prediction is:

Runs Scored = -804.63 + 2737.77\*0.311 + 1584.91\*0.405 = 689 runs

If a baseball team's opponents OBP (OOBP) is 0.297 and oppenents SLG (OSLG) is 0.370, how many runs do we expect the team to allow?

Using the linear regression model discussed during the lecture (the one on the last slide of the previous video), enter the number of runs we expect the team to allow:

Exercise 2

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

Our linear regression model was:

Runs Allowed = -837.38 + 2913.60\*(OOBP) + 1514.29\*(OSLG)

Here, OOBP is 0.297 and OSLG is 0.370, so our prediction is:

Runs Scored = -837.38 + 2913.60\*(.297) + 1514.29\*(.370) = 588 runs

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: Predicting Runs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: Using the Models to Make Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-4-using-the-models-to-make-predictions" %}})
