site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-1-the-story-of-moneyball.md, before:

---
title: '2.3 Moneyball: The Power of Sports Analytics '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 9a181e989a2dc6e21d6b813dfdbf8d9f_video-1-the-story-of-moneyball
    weight: 110
---
*   [<Moneyball: The Power of Sports Analytics]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics" %}})
*   [2.3.1A Quick Introduction to Baseball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics" %}})
*   [2.3.2Video 1: The Story of Moneyball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-1-the-story-of-moneyball" %}})
*   [2.3.3Video 2: Making it to the Playoffs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-2-making-it-to-the-playoffs" %}})
*   [2.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-106" %}})
*   [2.3.5Video 3: Predicting Runs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs" %}})
*   [2.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109" %}})
*   [2.3.7Video 4: Using the Models to Make Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-4-using-the-models-to-make-predictions" %}})
*   [2.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-119" %}})
*   [2.3.9Video 5: Winning the World Series]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-5-winning-the-world-series" %}})
*   [2.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-126" %}})
*   [2.3.11Video 6: The Analytics Edge in Sports]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-6-the-analytics-edge-in-sports" %}})
*   [2.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-134" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Making it to the Playoffs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-2-making-it-to-the-playoffs" %}})

Video 1: The Story of Moneyball
-------------------------------

In this lecture, we will be using the dataset [baseball (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/beba5070dddbf0bf300002d82564c3e7_baseball.csv). Download this dataset to follow along in R as we build regression models. This data comes from [the Baseball Reference website](https://www.baseball-reference.com/).

A script file containing all of the R commands used in this lecture can be downloaded here: [Unit2\_Moneyball (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/12e92ec2937a917cf288db31d2d27450_Unit2_Moneyball.R).

The slides from all videos in this Lecture Sequence can be downloaded here: [The Power of Sports Analytics (PDF - 1.4MB)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/9573ac589ee65559695bb7ef1962866b_MIT15_071S17_Unit2_Moneyball.pdf).

*   [BackMoneyball: The Power of Sports Analytics]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Making it to the Playoffs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-2-making-it-to-the-playoffs" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-1-the-story-of-moneyball.md, after:

---
title: '2.3 Moneyball: The Power of Sports Analytics '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 9a181e989a2dc6e21d6b813dfdbf8d9f_video-1-the-story-of-moneyball
    weight: 110
    parent: fcb6a63f4737920a80bf15309d3ee7b6_moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics
---
*   [<Moneyball: The Power of Sports Analytics]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics" %}})
*   [2.3.1A Quick Introduction to Baseball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics" %}})
*   [2.3.2Video 1: The Story of Moneyball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-1-the-story-of-moneyball" %}})
*   [2.3.3Video 2: Making it to the Playoffs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-2-making-it-to-the-playoffs" %}})
*   [2.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-106" %}})
*   [2.3.5Video 3: Predicting Runs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs" %}})
*   [2.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109" %}})
*   [2.3.7Video 4: Using the Models to Make Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-4-using-the-models-to-make-predictions" %}})
*   [2.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-119" %}})
*   [2.3.9Video 5: Winning the World Series]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-5-winning-the-world-series" %}})
*   [2.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-126" %}})
*   [2.3.11Video 6: The Analytics Edge in Sports]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-6-the-analytics-edge-in-sports" %}})
*   [2.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-134" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Making it to the Playoffs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-2-making-it-to-the-playoffs" %}})

Video 1: The Story of Moneyball
-------------------------------

In this lecture, we will be using the dataset [baseball (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/beba5070dddbf0bf300002d82564c3e7_baseball.csv). Download this dataset to follow along in R as we build regression models. This data comes from [the Baseball Reference website](https://www.baseball-reference.com/).

A script file containing all of the R commands used in this lecture can be downloaded here: [Unit2\_Moneyball (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/12e92ec2937a917cf288db31d2d27450_Unit2_Moneyball.R).

The slides from all videos in this Lecture Sequence can be downloaded here: [The Power of Sports Analytics (PDF - 1.4MB)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/9573ac589ee65559695bb7ef1962866b_MIT15_071S17_Unit2_Moneyball.pdf).

*   [BackMoneyball: The Power of Sports Analytics]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Making it to the Playoffs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-2-making-it-to-the-playoffs" %}})
