site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs.md, before:

---
title: '2.3 Moneyball: The Power of Sports Analytics '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: bf2dc78df3180c13511a832922454f59_video-3-predicting-runs
    weight: 140
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-106" %}})
*   [2.3.1A Quick Introduction to Baseball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics" %}})
*   [2.3.2Video 1: The Story of Moneyball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-1-the-story-of-moneyball" %}})
*   [2.3.3Video 2: Making it to the Playoffs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-2-making-it-to-the-playoffs" %}})
*   [2.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-106" %}})
*   [2.3.5Video 3: Predicting Runs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs" %}})
*   [2.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109" %}})
*   [2.3.7Video 4: Using the Models to Make Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-4-using-the-models-to-make-predictions" %}})
*   [2.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-119" %}})
*   [2.3.9Video 5: Winning the World Series]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-5-winning-the-world-series" %}})
*   [2.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-126" %}})
*   [2.3.11Video 6: The Analytics Edge in Sports]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-6-the-analytics-edge-in-sports" %}})
*   [2.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-134" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109" %}})

Video 3: Predicting Runs
------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-106" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs.md, after:

---
title: '2.3 Moneyball: The Power of Sports Analytics '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: bf2dc78df3180c13511a832922454f59_video-3-predicting-runs
    weight: 140
    parent: fcb6a63f4737920a80bf15309d3ee7b6_moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-106" %}})
*   [2.3.1A Quick Introduction to Baseball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics" %}})
*   [2.3.2Video 1: The Story of Moneyball]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-1-the-story-of-moneyball" %}})
*   [2.3.3Video 2: Making it to the Playoffs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-2-making-it-to-the-playoffs" %}})
*   [2.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-106" %}})
*   [2.3.5Video 3: Predicting Runs]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-3-predicting-runs" %}})
*   [2.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109" %}})
*   [2.3.7Video 4: Using the Models to Make Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-4-using-the-models-to-make-predictions" %}})
*   [2.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-119" %}})
*   [2.3.9Video 5: Winning the World Series]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-5-winning-the-world-series" %}})
*   [2.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-126" %}})
*   [2.3.11Video 6: The Analytics Edge in Sports]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/video-6-the-analytics-edge-in-sports" %}})
*   [2.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-134" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109" %}})

Video 3: Predicting Runs
------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-106" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/moneyball-the-power-of-sports-analytics/quick-question-109" %}})
