site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-220.md, before:

---
title: '3.3 The Framingham Heart Study: Evaluating Risk Factors to Save Lives '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 68185a3fa6032c323cac5f62061ce192_quick-question-220
    weight: 120
---
*   [<The Framingham Heart Study: Evaluating Risk Factors to Save Lives]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives" %}})
*   [3.3.1Video 1: The Framingham Heart Study]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives" %}})
*   [3.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-220" %}})
*   [3.3.3Video 2: Risk Factors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-2-risk-factors" %}})
*   [3.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-225" %}})
*   [3.3.5Video 3: A Logistic Regression Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-3-a-logistic-regression-model" %}})
*   [3.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-233" %}})
*   [3.3.7Video 4: Validating the Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-4-validating-the-model" %}})
*   [3.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-243" %}})
*   [3.3.9Video 5: Interventions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-5-interventions" %}})
*   [3.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-248" %}})
*   [3.3.11Video 6: Overall Impact]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-6-overall-impact" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Risk Factors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-2-risk-factors" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Why was the city of Framingham, Massachusetts selected for this study? Select all that apply.

Exercise 1

&nbsp;It represented all types of people in the United States.&nbsp;

&nbsp;It had an appropriate size.&nbsp;

&nbsp;It had a stable population to observe over time. &nbsp;

&nbsp;It contained an abnormally large number of people with heart disease.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The doctors and residents in Framingham were willing to participate.&nbsp;

Explanation

The reasons for Framingham being selected for this study are listed on Slide 4 of the previous video: it had an appropriate size, it had a stable population, and the doctors and residents in the town were willing to participate. However, the city did not represent all types of people in the United States (we'll see later in the lecture how to extend the model to different populations) and there were not an abnormally large number of people with heart disease.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackThe Framingham Heart Study: Evaluating Risk Factors to Save Lives]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Risk Factors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-2-risk-factors" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-220.md, after:

---
title: '3.3 The Framingham Heart Study: Evaluating Risk Factors to Save Lives '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 68185a3fa6032c323cac5f62061ce192_quick-question-220
    weight: 120
    parent: >-
      58bb606548df9c3a8c148318a4e0e5c7_the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives
---
*   [<The Framingham Heart Study: Evaluating Risk Factors to Save Lives]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives" %}})
*   [3.3.1Video 1: The Framingham Heart Study]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives" %}})
*   [3.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-220" %}})
*   [3.3.3Video 2: Risk Factors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-2-risk-factors" %}})
*   [3.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-225" %}})
*   [3.3.5Video 3: A Logistic Regression Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-3-a-logistic-regression-model" %}})
*   [3.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-233" %}})
*   [3.3.7Video 4: Validating the Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-4-validating-the-model" %}})
*   [3.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-243" %}})
*   [3.3.9Video 5: Interventions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-5-interventions" %}})
*   [3.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-248" %}})
*   [3.3.11Video 6: Overall Impact]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-6-overall-impact" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Risk Factors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-2-risk-factors" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Why was the city of Framingham, Massachusetts selected for this study? Select all that apply.

Exercise 1

&nbsp;It represented all types of people in the United States.&nbsp;

&nbsp;It had an appropriate size.&nbsp;

&nbsp;It had a stable population to observe over time. &nbsp;

&nbsp;It contained an abnormally large number of people with heart disease.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The doctors and residents in Framingham were willing to participate.&nbsp;

Explanation

The reasons for Framingham being selected for this study are listed on Slide 4 of the previous video: it had an appropriate size, it had a stable population, and the doctors and residents in the town were willing to participate. However, the city did not represent all types of people in the United States (we'll see later in the lecture how to extend the model to different populations) and there were not an abnormally large number of people with heart disease.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackThe Framingham Heart Study: Evaluating Risk Factors to Save Lives]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Risk Factors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-2-risk-factors" %}})
