site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-3-a-logistic-regression-model.md, before:

---
title: '3.3 The Framingham Heart Study: Evaluating Risk Factors to Save Lives '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 8a9ba6a68196ffcd9f101b66733dbcb0_video-3-a-logistic-regression-model
    weight: 150
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-225" %}})
*   [3.3.1Video 1: The Framingham Heart Study]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives" %}})
*   [3.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-220" %}})
*   [3.3.3Video 2: Risk Factors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-2-risk-factors" %}})
*   [3.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-225" %}})
*   [3.3.5Video 3: A Logistic Regression Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-3-a-logistic-regression-model" %}})
*   [3.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-233" %}})
*   [3.3.7Video 4: Validating the Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-4-validating-the-model" %}})
*   [3.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-243" %}})
*   [3.3.9Video 5: Interventions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-5-interventions" %}})
*   [3.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-248" %}})
*   [3.3.11Video 6: Overall Impact]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-6-overall-impact" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-233" %}})

Video 3: A Logistic Regression Model
------------------------------------

In this video, we'll use the dataset [framingham (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/5d689a024551e672313f7fd7eb1bee8d_framingham.csv) to build a logistic regression model. Please download this dataset to follow along. This data comes from the [BioLINCC website](https://biolincc.nhlbi.nih.gov/home/).

An R script file with all of the commands used in this lecture can be downloaded here: [Unit3\_Framingham (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/3a73d6c0252da6435115cac4a473dc08_Unit3_Framingham.R).

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-225" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-233" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-3-a-logistic-regression-model.md, after:

---
title: '3.3 The Framingham Heart Study: Evaluating Risk Factors to Save Lives '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 8a9ba6a68196ffcd9f101b66733dbcb0_video-3-a-logistic-regression-model
    weight: 150
    parent: >-
      58bb606548df9c3a8c148318a4e0e5c7_the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-225" %}})
*   [3.3.1Video 1: The Framingham Heart Study]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives" %}})
*   [3.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-220" %}})
*   [3.3.3Video 2: Risk Factors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-2-risk-factors" %}})
*   [3.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-225" %}})
*   [3.3.5Video 3: A Logistic Regression Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-3-a-logistic-regression-model" %}})
*   [3.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-233" %}})
*   [3.3.7Video 4: Validating the Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-4-validating-the-model" %}})
*   [3.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-243" %}})
*   [3.3.9Video 5: Interventions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-5-interventions" %}})
*   [3.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-248" %}})
*   [3.3.11Video 6: Overall Impact]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/video-6-overall-impact" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-233" %}})

Video 3: A Logistic Regression Model
------------------------------------

In this video, we'll use the dataset [framingham (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/5d689a024551e672313f7fd7eb1bee8d_framingham.csv) to build a logistic regression model. Please download this dataset to follow along. This data comes from the [BioLINCC website](https://biolincc.nhlbi.nih.gov/home/).

An R script file with all of the commands used in this lecture can be downloaded here: [Unit3\_Framingham (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/3a73d6c0252da6435115cac4a473dc08_Unit3_Framingham.R).

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-225" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/the-framingham-heart-study-evaluating-risk-factors-to-save-lives/quick-question-233" %}})
