site/content/courses/16-01-unified-engineering-i-ii-iii-iv-fall-2005-spring-2006/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 16-01-unified-engineering-i-ii-iii-iv-fall-2005-spring-2006
course_title: 'Unified Engineering I, II, III, & IV'
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>The basic objective of Unified Engineering is to give a solid understanding
  of the fundamental disciplines of aerospace engineering, as well as their
  interrelationships and applications. These disciplines are Materials and
  Structures (M); Computers and Programming (C); Fluid Mechanics (F);
  Thermodynamics (T); Propulsion (P); and Signals and Systems (S). In choosing
  to teach these subjects in a unified manner, the instructors seek to explain
  the common intellectual threads in these disciplines, as well as their
  combined application to solve engineering Systems Problems (SP). Throughout
  the year, the instructors emphasize the connections among the disciplines.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Mark Drela
    - Prof. Steven Hall
    - Prof. Paul Lagace
    - Prof. Ingrid Lundqvist
    - Prof. Gustaf Naeser
    - Prof. Heidi Perry
    - Prof. Raúl Radovitzky
    - Prof. Ian Waitz
    - Prof. Peter Young
    - Prof. Jennifer Craig
  departments:
    - Aeronautics and Astronautics
  topics:
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Aerospace Engineering
      speciality: Materials Selection
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Aerospace Engineering
      speciality: Propulsion Systems
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Physics
      speciality: Thermodynamics
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Mechanical Engineering
      speciality: Fluid Mechanics
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Aerospace Engineering
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Project Management
  course_numbers:
    - '16.01'
    - '16.02'
    - '16.03'
    - '16.04'
  term: Fall 2005
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  16-01-unified-engineering-i-ii-iii-iv-fall-2005-spring-2006:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/16-01-unified-engineering-i-ii-iii-iv-fall-2005-spring-2006/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 16-01-unified-engineering-i-ii-iii-iv-fall-2005-spring-2006
course_title: 'Unified Engineering I, II, III, & IV'
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: >-
  Illustration of an aircraft wing showing connections between the disciplines
  of the course.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>An abstracted aircraft wing, illustrating the connections between the
  disciplines of Unified Engineering. (Image by MIT OpenCourseWare.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>The basic objective of Unified Engineering is to give a solid understanding
  of the fundamental disciplines of aerospace engineering, as well as their
  interrelationships and applications. These disciplines are Materials and
  Structures (M); Computers and Programming (C); Fluid Mechanics (F);
  Thermodynamics (T); Propulsion (P); and Signals and Systems (S). In choosing
  to teach these subjects in a unified manner, the instructors seek to explain
  the common intellectual threads in these disciplines, as well as their
  combined application to solve engineering Systems Problems (SP). Throughout
  the year, the instructors emphasize the connections among the disciplines.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Mark Drela
    - Prof. Steven Hall
    - Prof. Paul Lagace
    - Prof. Ingrid Lundqvist
    - Prof. Gustaf Naeser
    - Prof. Heidi Perry
    - Prof. Raúl Radovitzky
    - Prof. Ian Waitz
    - Prof. Peter Young
    - Prof. Jennifer Craig
  departments:
    - Aeronautics and Astronautics
  topics:
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Aerospace Engineering
      speciality: Materials Selection
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Aerospace Engineering
      speciality: Propulsion Systems
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Physics
      speciality: Thermodynamics
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Mechanical Engineering
      speciality: Fluid Mechanics
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Aerospace Engineering
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Project Management
  course_numbers:
    - '16.01'
    - '16.02'
    - '16.03'
    - '16.04'
  term: Fall 2005
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  16-01-unified-engineering-i-ii-iii-iv-fall-2005-spring-2006:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
