site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/_index.md, before:

---
title: '1.4 Understanding Food: Nutritional Education with Data  (Recitation)'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: >-
      7ae5f9abee30803e522bc737bfb5e185_understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation
    weight: 100
---
*   [<Video 7: Saving with Script Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-7-saving-with-script-files" %}})
*   [1.4.1Welcome to Recitation 1]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation" %}})
*   [1.4.2Video 1: The Importance of Food and Nutrition]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-1-the-importance-of-food-and-nutrition" %}})
*   [1.4.3Video 2: Working with Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-2-working-with-data-in-r" %}})
*   [1.4.4Video 3: Data Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-3-data-analysis" %}})
*   [1.4.5Video 4: Creating Plots in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-4-creating-plots-in-r" %}})
*   [1.4.6Video 5: Adding Variables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-5-adding-variables" %}})
*   [1.4.7Video 6: Summary Tables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-6-summary-tables" %}})
*   [\\>Video 1: The Importance of Food and Nutrition]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-1-the-importance-of-food-and-nutrition" %}})

Welcome to Recitation 1
-----------------------

*   [BackVideo 7: Saving with Script Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-7-saving-with-script-files" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 1: The Importance of Food and Nutrition]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-1-the-importance-of-food-and-nutrition" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/_index.md, after:

---
title: '1.4 Understanding Food: Nutritional Education with Data  (Recitation)'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: >-
      7ae5f9abee30803e522bc737bfb5e185_understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation
    weight: 100
    parent: bebdc8ab5b1f9682d6b762b671b5cf25_an-introduction-to-analytics
---
*   [<Video 7: Saving with Script Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-7-saving-with-script-files" %}})
*   [1.4.1Welcome to Recitation 1]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation" %}})
*   [1.4.2Video 1: The Importance of Food and Nutrition]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-1-the-importance-of-food-and-nutrition" %}})
*   [1.4.3Video 2: Working with Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-2-working-with-data-in-r" %}})
*   [1.4.4Video 3: Data Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-3-data-analysis" %}})
*   [1.4.5Video 4: Creating Plots in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-4-creating-plots-in-r" %}})
*   [1.4.6Video 5: Adding Variables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-5-adding-variables" %}})
*   [1.4.7Video 6: Summary Tables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-6-summary-tables" %}})
*   [\\>Video 1: The Importance of Food and Nutrition]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-1-the-importance-of-food-and-nutrition" %}})

Welcome to Recitation 1
-----------------------

*   [BackVideo 7: Saving with Script Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-7-saving-with-script-files" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 1: The Importance of Food and Nutrition]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/understanding-food-nutritional-education-with-data-recitation/video-1-the-importance-of-food-and-nutrition" %}})
