site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-96.md, before:

---
title: '2.2 The Statistical Sommelier: An Introduction to Linear Regression'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: bef58e986ceef682d32abfab033deaf6_quick-question-96
    weight: 200
---
*   [<Video 6: Correlation and Multicollinearity]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-6-correlation-and-multicollinearity" %}})
*   [2.2.1Video 1: Predicting the Quality of Wine]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression" %}})
*   [2.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-46" %}})
*   [2.2.3Video 2: One-Variable Linear Regression]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-2-one-variable-linear-regression" %}})
*   [2.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-54" %}})
*   [2.2.5Video 3: Multiple Linear Regression]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-3-multiple-linear-regression" %}})
*   [2.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-73" %}})
*   [2.2.7Video 4: Linear Regression in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-4-linear-regression-in-r" %}})
*   [2.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-78" %}})
*   [2.2.9Video 5: Understanding the Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-5-understanding-the-model" %}})
*   [2.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-88" %}})
*   [2.2.11Video 6: Correlation and Multicollinearity]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-6-correlation-and-multicollinearity" %}})
*   [2.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-96" %}})
*   [2.2.13Video 7: Making Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-7-making-predictions" %}})
*   [2.2.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-101" %}})
*   [2.2.15Video 8: Comparing the Model to the Experts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-8-comparing-the-model-to-the-experts" %}})
*   [\\>Video 7: Making Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-7-making-predictions" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Using the data set [wine (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/b7caee99307eb87b00b3d3e80055b116_wine.csv), what is the correlation between HarvestRain and WinterRain?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

You can compute the correlation between HarvestRain and WinterRain by typing the following command into your R console:

\> cor(wine$HarvestRain, wine$WinterRain)

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 6: Correlation and Multicollinearity]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-6-correlation-and-multicollinearity" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 7: Making Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-7-making-predictions" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-96.md, after:

---
title: '2.2 The Statistical Sommelier: An Introduction to Linear Regression'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: bef58e986ceef682d32abfab033deaf6_quick-question-96
    weight: 200
    parent: >-
      4495fb4839343c3323b22ef2104af559_the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression
---
*   [<Video 6: Correlation and Multicollinearity]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-6-correlation-and-multicollinearity" %}})
*   [2.2.1Video 1: Predicting the Quality of Wine]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression" %}})
*   [2.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-46" %}})
*   [2.2.3Video 2: One-Variable Linear Regression]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-2-one-variable-linear-regression" %}})
*   [2.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-54" %}})
*   [2.2.5Video 3: Multiple Linear Regression]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-3-multiple-linear-regression" %}})
*   [2.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-73" %}})
*   [2.2.7Video 4: Linear Regression in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-4-linear-regression-in-r" %}})
*   [2.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-78" %}})
*   [2.2.9Video 5: Understanding the Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-5-understanding-the-model" %}})
*   [2.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-88" %}})
*   [2.2.11Video 6: Correlation and Multicollinearity]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-6-correlation-and-multicollinearity" %}})
*   [2.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-96" %}})
*   [2.2.13Video 7: Making Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-7-making-predictions" %}})
*   [2.2.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/quick-question-101" %}})
*   [2.2.15Video 8: Comparing the Model to the Experts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-8-comparing-the-model-to-the-experts" %}})
*   [\\>Video 7: Making Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-7-making-predictions" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Using the data set [wine (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/b7caee99307eb87b00b3d3e80055b116_wine.csv), what is the correlation between HarvestRain and WinterRain?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

You can compute the correlation between HarvestRain and WinterRain by typing the following command into your R console:

\> cor(wine$HarvestRain, wine$WinterRain)

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 6: Correlation and Multicollinearity]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-6-correlation-and-multicollinearity" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 7: Making Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/the-statistical-sommelier-an-introduction-to-linear-regression/video-7-making-predictions" %}})
