site/content/courses/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/sections/instructor-insights.md, before:

---
title: Instructor Insights
menu:
  8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016:
    identifier: instructor-insights
    weight: 20
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "syllabus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "part-i-mechanical-vibrations-and-waves" %}}) »

Instructor Insights
-------------------

I decided to include a lot of demos during my lectures because I believe that to learn physics you have to know how to convert everything into mathematics, (…) make predictions, and, finally, compare predictions to experimental data. Demonstrations (…) show that the mathematics we cover in class (relate) to what nature does in physical systems.

— Yen-Jie Lee

Below, Professor Yen-Jie Lee describes various aspects of how he teaches _8.03 Physics III: Vibrations and Waves_.

*   [Students’ Common Misconceptions](./resolveuid/cf726a1284cdfa24ed9b0f23255aac2e)
*   [Making Time for Individual Questions in a Large Lecture](./resolveuid/1f032a62ec932e7df092ffbea1da55e4)
*   [Using Humor to Enhance Learning](./resolveuid/dc61cf46c4891becaf8b47f5e4a49c34)
*   [Using Demonstrations in Class](./resolveuid/543f393ef3dc45da3aa21cf113a499ce)
*   [Behind-the-Scenes Demo Prep](./resolveuid/adf99e0c8f1358e48104a75f070f5ad7)
*   [Taking a Vote to Engage Learners](./resolveuid/4088abc0fa5b8c7963794f3c5004f972)
*   [Combining Chalk Talks and Slides in a Complementary Way](./resolveuid/f75bef336d1026b8e6bdb5b3261128a5)
*   [Using Questionnaires to Customize Course Content](./resolveuid/e24fe9f225ca69204a13c5d19bd65a9d)
*   [The Role of Recitations](./resolveuid/dc93f2532aebfe3bc9fd04a5e7181191)
*   [Course Iteration: Incorporating Theoretical Content and Demonstrations](./resolveuid/b55c02a86ffa5a6ef25d5f8d0323aa86)
*   [Tips for Physics Educators](./resolveuid/fac6c1ba73f291ce6c9d40ad753b41e2)

Curriculum Information
----------------------

### Prerequisites

[_18.02 Multivariable Calculus_](./resolveuid/90deb4124e379efd2f36bab248d3ce4e)  
and [_8.02 Electricity and Magnetism_](./resolveuid/8d3bdda7363b3a4b18d9d5b7c4083899)

### Requirements Satisfied

GIR ![General Institute Requirements](/images/educator/icon-question-gir.png)

8.03 may be applied toward a [Bachelor of Science in Physics](http://web.mit.edu/physics/current/undergrad/major.html).

### Offered

Every fall and spring semester

The Classroom
-------------

*   ![Tiered lecture seats facing three sets of sliding chalkboards. A large window on the left wall.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/5e8287803ae25e62ff080c7d060d1985_classroom-1.jpg)
    
    ![](/images/educator/classroom_prev.png) Room 1 of 2 [![Click for next classroom.](/images/educator/classroom_next.png)](#)
    
    ### Lecture
    
    Lectures were held in a classroom with tiered seating, sliding chalkboards, an AV system, and an assisted listening device.
    
*   ![4 rows of white tables and black chairs facing a 2 sets of sliding chalkboards. A window on the left wall.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/c4535f42b05545c4ef20fd941da57d4f_classroom-2.jpeg)
    
    [![Click for previous classroom.](/images/educator/classroom_prev.png)](#) Room 2 of 2 ![](/images/educator/classroom_next.png)
    
    ### Recitation
    
    Recitations were held in smaller classrooms with moveable tables and chairs, sliding chalkboards, and AV systems.
    

Assessment
----------

The students' grades were based on the following activities:

var pieData = \[ { value: 25, color: "#DD1E2F" }, { value: 20, color: "#EBB035" }, { value: 20, color: "#9ACCEF" }, { value: 35, color: "#218559" } \]; var myPie = new Chart(document.getElementById("canvas5").getContext("2d")).Pie(pieData);

![The color used on the preceding chart which represents the percentage of the total grade contributed by problem sets.](/images/educator/edu_b-lab-key.png) 25% Problem sets

![The color used on the preceding chart which represents the percentage of the total grade contributed by exam 1.](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-key.png) 20% [Exam 1]({{% ref "exam-1" %}})

![The color used on the preceding chart which represents the percentage of the total grade contributed by exam 2.](/images/educator/edu_b-present-key.png) 20% [Exam 2]({{% ref "exam-2" %}})

![The color used on the preceding chart which represents the percentage of the total grade contributed by final exam.](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation-key.png) 35% [Final exam]({{% ref "final-exam" %}})

Student Information
-------------------

![71 students took this course when it was offered in Fall 2016.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/c2819975db4d32ae8b7d407fb08527b9_71.png)

### Breakdown by Year

Mostly sophomores

### Breakdown by Major

Mostly physics majors

### Typical Student Background

Some students had backgrounds in advanced mathematics.

How Student Time Was Spent
--------------------------

During an average week, students were expected to spend 12 hours on the course, roughly divided as follows:

In Class
--------

var pieData = \[ { value: 25, color: "#931101" }, { value: 75, color: "#eee" } \]; var myPie = new Chart(document.getElementById("canvas1").getContext("2d")).Pie(pieData); 3 hours per week

*   Met 2 times per week for 1.5 hours per session; 27 sessions total.
*   Class sessions included lectures, demonstrations, and time to ask the professor questions.

Recitation
----------

var pieData = \[ { value: 25, color: "#eee" }, { value: 17, color: "#931101" }, { value: 58, color: "#eee" } \]; var myPie = new Chart(document.getElementById("canvas2").getContext("2d")).Pie(pieData); 2 hours per week

*   Met 2 times per week for 1 hour per session; 28 sessions total.
*   Smaller groups of students met with class staff to work through problem sets and to ask questions about the course material.

Out of Class
------------

var pieData = \[ { value: 42, color: "#eee" }, { value: 58, color: "#931101" } \]; var myPie = new Chart(document.getElementById("canvas3").getContext("2d")).Pie(pieData); 7 hours per week

*   Outside of class, students worked on problem sets and prepared for exams.

Semester Breakdown
------------------

| WEEK | M | T | W | Th | F |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 2 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 3 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) |
| 4 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 5 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 6 | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Exam scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-present.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 7 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 8 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 9 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 10 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) |
| 11 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Exam scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-present.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 12 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) |
| 13 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 14 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 15 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Exam scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-present.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) |
| 16 | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) 

![Displays the color and pattern used on the preceding table to indicate dates when classes are not held at MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass-key.png) No classes throughout MIT

![Displays the color used on the preceding table to indicate dates when recitations are held.](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation-key.png) Recitation

![Displays the symbol used on the preceding table to indicate dates when problem sets are due.](/images/educator/edu_b-duedate-key.png) Problem set due date

![Displays the color used on the preceding table to indicate dates when no class session is scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank-key.png) No class session scheduled

![Displays the color used on the preceding table to indicate dates when class sessions are held.](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-key.png) Class session

![Displays the symbol used on the preceding table to indicate dates when exams are held.](/images/educator/edu_b-present-key.png) Exam

« [Previous]({{% ref "syllabus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "part-i-mechanical-vibrations-and-waves" %}}) »

Commit message:

Hierarchical content support (#72)
* Add checks in nav templates to make sure the course_id Param is set before trying to access it.

* Add heirarchal sample content

* Fixing changes that got blown away in rebase

* Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

* Get the course home page on the course info partial so that it displays properly when the partial is rendered on sub-pages

* simplify finding course home on the course info partial

* Add back in course_id check before nav render

* Remove {{end}} merge artifact

* Add back in missing div closing tag

* put course section template into a partial that can be called from section.html and single.html

* Update with latest markdown from ocw-to-hugo using new menu indexing.

site/content/courses/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/sections/instructor-insights.md, after:

---
title: Instructor Insights
course_id: 8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016
menu:
  8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016:
    identifier: 04ff44e40d3409c8726bf5bd29021df8_instructor-insights
    weight: 20
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/sections/syllabus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/sections/part-i-mechanical-vibrations-and-waves" %}}) »

Instructor Insights
-------------------

I decided to include a lot of demos during my lectures because I believe that to learn physics you have to know how to convert everything into mathematics, (…) make predictions, and, finally, compare predictions to experimental data. Demonstrations (…) show that the mathematics we cover in class (relate) to what nature does in physical systems.

— Yen-Jie Lee

Below, Professor Yen-Jie Lee describes various aspects of how he teaches _8.03 Physics III: Vibrations and Waves_.

*   [Students’ Common Misconceptions](./resolveuid/cf726a1284cdfa24ed9b0f23255aac2e)
*   [Making Time for Individual Questions in a Large Lecture](./resolveuid/1f032a62ec932e7df092ffbea1da55e4)
*   [Using Humor to Enhance Learning](./resolveuid/dc61cf46c4891becaf8b47f5e4a49c34)
*   [Using Demonstrations in Class](./resolveuid/543f393ef3dc45da3aa21cf113a499ce)
*   [Behind-the-Scenes Demo Prep](./resolveuid/adf99e0c8f1358e48104a75f070f5ad7)
*   [Taking a Vote to Engage Learners](./resolveuid/4088abc0fa5b8c7963794f3c5004f972)
*   [Combining Chalk Talks and Slides in a Complementary Way](./resolveuid/f75bef336d1026b8e6bdb5b3261128a5)
*   [Using Questionnaires to Customize Course Content](./resolveuid/e24fe9f225ca69204a13c5d19bd65a9d)
*   [The Role of Recitations](./resolveuid/dc93f2532aebfe3bc9fd04a5e7181191)
*   [Course Iteration: Incorporating Theoretical Content and Demonstrations](./resolveuid/b55c02a86ffa5a6ef25d5f8d0323aa86)
*   [Tips for Physics Educators](./resolveuid/fac6c1ba73f291ce6c9d40ad753b41e2)

Curriculum Information
----------------------

### Prerequisites

[_18.02 Multivariable Calculus_](./resolveuid/90deb4124e379efd2f36bab248d3ce4e)  
and [_8.02 Electricity and Magnetism_](./resolveuid/8d3bdda7363b3a4b18d9d5b7c4083899)

### Requirements Satisfied

GIR ![General Institute Requirements](/images/educator/icon-question-gir.png)

8.03 may be applied toward a [Bachelor of Science in Physics](http://web.mit.edu/physics/current/undergrad/major.html).

### Offered

Every fall and spring semester

The Classroom
-------------

*   ![Tiered lecture seats facing three sets of sliding chalkboards. A large window on the left wall.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/5e8287803ae25e62ff080c7d060d1985_classroom-1.jpg)
    
    ![](/images/educator/classroom_prev.png) Room 1 of 2 [![Click for next classroom.](/images/educator/classroom_next.png)](#)
    
    ### Lecture
    
    Lectures were held in a classroom with tiered seating, sliding chalkboards, an AV system, and an assisted listening device.
    
*   ![4 rows of white tables and black chairs facing a 2 sets of sliding chalkboards. A window on the left wall.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/c4535f42b05545c4ef20fd941da57d4f_classroom-2.jpeg)
    
    [![Click for previous classroom.](/images/educator/classroom_prev.png)](#) Room 2 of 2 ![](/images/educator/classroom_next.png)
    
    ### Recitation
    
    Recitations were held in smaller classrooms with moveable tables and chairs, sliding chalkboards, and AV systems.
    

Assessment
----------

The students' grades were based on the following activities:

var pieData = \[ { value: 25, color: "#DD1E2F" }, { value: 20, color: "#EBB035" }, { value: 20, color: "#9ACCEF" }, { value: 35, color: "#218559" } \]; var myPie = new Chart(document.getElementById("canvas5").getContext("2d")).Pie(pieData);

![The color used on the preceding chart which represents the percentage of the total grade contributed by problem sets.](/images/educator/edu_b-lab-key.png) 25% Problem sets

![The color used on the preceding chart which represents the percentage of the total grade contributed by exam 1.](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-key.png) 20% [Exam 1]({{% ref "courses/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/sections/part-i-mechanical-vibrations-and-waves/exam-1" %}})

![The color used on the preceding chart which represents the percentage of the total grade contributed by exam 2.](/images/educator/edu_b-present-key.png) 20% [Exam 2]({{% ref "courses/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/sections/part-iii-optics/exam-2" %}})

![The color used on the preceding chart which represents the percentage of the total grade contributed by final exam.](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation-key.png) 35% [Final exam]({{% ref "courses/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/sections/final-exam" %}})

Student Information
-------------------

![71 students took this course when it was offered in Fall 2016.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/c2819975db4d32ae8b7d407fb08527b9_71.png)

### Breakdown by Year

Mostly sophomores

### Breakdown by Major

Mostly physics majors

### Typical Student Background

Some students had backgrounds in advanced mathematics.

How Student Time Was Spent
--------------------------

During an average week, students were expected to spend 12 hours on the course, roughly divided as follows:

In Class
--------

var pieData = \[ { value: 25, color: "#931101" }, { value: 75, color: "#eee" } \]; var myPie = new Chart(document.getElementById("canvas1").getContext("2d")).Pie(pieData); 3 hours per week

*   Met 2 times per week for 1.5 hours per session; 27 sessions total.
*   Class sessions included lectures, demonstrations, and time to ask the professor questions.

Recitation
----------

var pieData = \[ { value: 25, color: "#eee" }, { value: 17, color: "#931101" }, { value: 58, color: "#eee" } \]; var myPie = new Chart(document.getElementById("canvas2").getContext("2d")).Pie(pieData); 2 hours per week

*   Met 2 times per week for 1 hour per session; 28 sessions total.
*   Smaller groups of students met with class staff to work through problem sets and to ask questions about the course material.

Out of Class
------------

var pieData = \[ { value: 42, color: "#eee" }, { value: 58, color: "#931101" } \]; var myPie = new Chart(document.getElementById("canvas3").getContext("2d")).Pie(pieData); 7 hours per week

*   Outside of class, students worked on problem sets and prepared for exams.

Semester Breakdown
------------------

| WEEK | M | T | W | Th | F |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 2 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 3 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) |
| 4 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 5 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 6 | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Exam scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-present.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 7 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 8 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 9 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 10 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) |
| 11 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Exam scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-present.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 12 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) |
| 13 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 14 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled and problem set due](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-duedate.png) | ![No session scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank.png) |
| 15 | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Class session scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture.png) | ![Recitation scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation.png) | ![Exam scheduled](/images/educator/edu_b-present.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) |
| 16 | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) | ![No classes throughout MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass.png) 

![Displays the color and pattern used on the preceding table to indicate dates when classes are not held at MIT.](/images/educator/edu_b-noclass-key.png) No classes throughout MIT

![Displays the color used on the preceding table to indicate dates when recitations are held.](/images/educator/edu_b-recitation-key.png) Recitation

![Displays the symbol used on the preceding table to indicate dates when problem sets are due.](/images/educator/edu_b-duedate-key.png) Problem set due date

![Displays the color used on the preceding table to indicate dates when no class session is scheduled.](/images/educator/edu_b-blank-key.png) No class session scheduled

![Displays the color used on the preceding table to indicate dates when class sessions are held.](/images/educator/edu_b-lecture-key.png) Class session

![Displays the symbol used on the preceding table to indicate dates when exams are held.](/images/educator/edu_b-present-key.png) Exam

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/sections/syllabus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/8-03sc-physics-iii-vibrations-and-waves-fall-2016/sections/part-i-mechanical-vibrations-and-waves" %}}) »
