site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-1-the-data.md, before:

---
title: 2.4 Playing Moneyball in the NBA  (Recitation)
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 23ccd624abaa0c059f5a54029d4225b6_video-1-the-data
    weight: 120
---
*   [<Playing Moneyball in the NBA (Recitation)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation" %}})
*   [2.4.1Welcome to Recitation 2]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation" %}})
*   [2.4.2Video 1: The Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-1-the-data" %}})
*   [2.4.3Video 2: Playoffs and Wins]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-2-playoffs-and-wins" %}})
*   [2.4.4Video 3: Points Scored]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-3-points-scored" %}})
*   [2.4.5Video 4: Making Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-4-making-predictions" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Playoffs and Wins]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-2-playoffs-and-wins" %}})

Video 1: The Data
-----------------

In this recitation, we'll apply some of the ideas from Moneyball to data from the National Basketball Association (NBA). Please download the datasets [NBA\_train (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/59a9bae463c9db6640394bc478edb06e_NBA_train.csv) and [NBA\_test (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/be8dc71f6970d601eb46714a8bed540d_NBA_test.csv), and save them to a location on your computer that you will remember. This data comes from [Basketball-Reference.com](http://www.basketball-reference.com/).

A script file containing all of the R commands used in this recitation can be downloaded here: [Unit2\_Recitation (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/d568d82169b3ab478e6ae60f01b9b1d8_Unit2_Recitation.R).

*   [BackPlaying Moneyball in the NBA (Recitation)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Playoffs and Wins]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-2-playoffs-and-wins" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-1-the-data.md, after:

---
title: 2.4 Playing Moneyball in the NBA  (Recitation)
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 23ccd624abaa0c059f5a54029d4225b6_video-1-the-data
    weight: 120
    parent: 3d4f0b49ab636ab4200c8f27a219c0dc_playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation
---
*   [<Playing Moneyball in the NBA (Recitation)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation" %}})
*   [2.4.1Welcome to Recitation 2]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation" %}})
*   [2.4.2Video 1: The Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-1-the-data" %}})
*   [2.4.3Video 2: Playoffs and Wins]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-2-playoffs-and-wins" %}})
*   [2.4.4Video 3: Points Scored]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-3-points-scored" %}})
*   [2.4.5Video 4: Making Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-4-making-predictions" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Playoffs and Wins]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-2-playoffs-and-wins" %}})

Video 1: The Data
-----------------

In this recitation, we'll apply some of the ideas from Moneyball to data from the National Basketball Association (NBA). Please download the datasets [NBA\_train (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/59a9bae463c9db6640394bc478edb06e_NBA_train.csv) and [NBA\_test (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/be8dc71f6970d601eb46714a8bed540d_NBA_test.csv), and save them to a location on your computer that you will remember. This data comes from [Basketball-Reference.com](http://www.basketball-reference.com/).

A script file containing all of the R commands used in this recitation can be downloaded here: [Unit2\_Recitation (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/d568d82169b3ab478e6ae60f01b9b1d8_Unit2_Recitation.R).

*   [BackPlaying Moneyball in the NBA (Recitation)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Playoffs and Wins]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-2-playoffs-and-wins" %}})
