site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-4-making-predictions.md, before:

---
title: 2.4 Playing Moneyball in the NBA  (Recitation)
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 4a72056c6bbe0c01489fb7068637be07_video-4-making-predictions
    weight: 150
---
*   [<Video 3: Points Scored]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-3-points-scored" %}})
*   [2.4.1Welcome to Recitation 2]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation" %}})
*   [2.4.2Video 1: The Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-1-the-data" %}})
*   [2.4.3Video 2: Playoffs and Wins]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-2-playoffs-and-wins" %}})
*   [2.4.4Video 3: Points Scored]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-3-points-scored" %}})
*   [2.4.5Video 4: Making Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-4-making-predictions" %}})
*   [\\>Assignment 2]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/assignment-2" %}})

Video 4: Making Predictions
---------------------------

*   [BackVideo 3: Points Scored]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-3-points-scored" %}})
*   [ContinueAssignment 2]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/assignment-2" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-4-making-predictions.md, after:

---
title: 2.4 Playing Moneyball in the NBA  (Recitation)
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 4a72056c6bbe0c01489fb7068637be07_video-4-making-predictions
    weight: 150
    parent: 3d4f0b49ab636ab4200c8f27a219c0dc_playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation
---
*   [<Video 3: Points Scored]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-3-points-scored" %}})
*   [2.4.1Welcome to Recitation 2]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation" %}})
*   [2.4.2Video 1: The Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-1-the-data" %}})
*   [2.4.3Video 2: Playoffs and Wins]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-2-playoffs-and-wins" %}})
*   [2.4.4Video 3: Points Scored]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-3-points-scored" %}})
*   [2.4.5Video 4: Making Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-4-making-predictions" %}})
*   [\\>Assignment 2]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/assignment-2" %}})

Video 4: Making Predictions
---------------------------

*   [BackVideo 3: Points Scored]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/playing-moneyball-in-the-nba-recitation/video-3-points-scored" %}})
*   [ContinueAssignment 2]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-regression/assignment-2" %}})
