site/content/courses/res-15-003-shaping-the-future-of-work-15-662x-spring-2016/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: res-15-003-shaping-the-future-of-work-15-662x-spring-2016
course_title: Shaping the Future of Work (15.662x)
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>The goal of this course is to explore and develop plans of action for
  improving the job and career opportunities for today and tomorrow's workforce.
  If we take the right actions we can shape the future of work in ways that meet
  the needs of workers, families, and their economies and societies. To do so we
  first have to understand how the world of work is changing, how firms can
  compete and prosper and support good jobs and careers, and how to update the
  policies and practices governing the world of work.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Thomas Kochan
  departments:
    - Supplemental Resources
  topics:
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Industrial Relations and Human Resource Management
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Economics
      speciality: Industrial Organization
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Economics
      speciality: Labor Economics
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Public Administration
      speciality: Social Welfare
  course_numbers:
    - RES.15-003
  term: Spring 2016
  level: Graduate
menu:
  res-15-003-shaping-the-future-of-work-15-662x-spring-2016:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text. (#96)

site/content/courses/res-15-003-shaping-the-future-of-work-15-662x-spring-2016/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: res-15-003-shaping-the-future-of-work-15-662x-spring-2016
course_title: Shaping the Future of Work (15.662x)
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: >-
  Protesters rally holding signs that read "save Market Basket" and "I won't
  shop here."
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>On August 5, 2014 thousands rallied outside of the Tewksbury Market Basket
  location, demanding that the board reinstate Arthur T. Demoulas as CEO.
  (Courtesy of <a
  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/streamingmeemee/14836581424/">Tim
  Carter</a> on Flickr. License: CC BY-NC.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>The goal of this course is to explore and develop plans of action for
  improving the job and career opportunities for today and tomorrow's workforce.
  If we take the right actions we can shape the future of work in ways that meet
  the needs of workers, families, and their economies and societies. To do so we
  first have to understand how the world of work is changing, how firms can
  compete and prosper and support good jobs and careers, and how to update the
  policies and practices governing the world of work.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Thomas Kochan
  departments:
    - Supplemental Resources
  topics:
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Industrial Relations and Human Resource Management
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Economics
      speciality: Industrial Organization
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Economics
      speciality: Labor Economics
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Public Administration
      speciality: Social Welfare
  course_numbers:
    - RES.15-003
  term: Spring 2016
  level: Graduate
menu:
  res-15-003-shaping-the-future-of-work-15-662x-spring-2016:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
