site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-648.md, before:

---
title: '8.3 Radiation Therapy: An Application of Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: d50911ab0a07b12c10732226ad167e5f_quick-question-648
    weight: 230
---
*   [<Video 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})
*   [8.3.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-630" %}})
*   [8.3.3Video 2: An Optimization Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-2-an-optimization-problem" %}})
*   [8.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-635" %}})
*   [8.3.5Video 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-643" %}})
*   [8.3.7Video 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})
*   [8.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-648" %}})
*   [8.3.9Video 5: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-5-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-654" %}})
*   [8.3.11Video 6: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-6-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Video 5: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-5-sensitivity-analysis" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In the previous video, we discussed a Head and Neck case with 132,878 voxels total, 9,777 voxels in the tumor, and 328 beamlets.

How many decision variables does our optimization model have?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

Our decision variables are for the intensities of the beamlets. So in this case, we would have 328 decision variables, which is the number of beamlets.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 5: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-5-sensitivity-analysis" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-648.md, after:

---
title: '8.3 Radiation Therapy: An Application of Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: d50911ab0a07b12c10732226ad167e5f_quick-question-648
    weight: 230
    parent: >-
      7a59278a134c5085244c381fc6090890_radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization
---
*   [<Video 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})
*   [8.3.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-630" %}})
*   [8.3.3Video 2: An Optimization Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-2-an-optimization-problem" %}})
*   [8.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-635" %}})
*   [8.3.5Video 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-643" %}})
*   [8.3.7Video 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})
*   [8.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-648" %}})
*   [8.3.9Video 5: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-5-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-654" %}})
*   [8.3.11Video 6: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-6-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Video 5: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-5-sensitivity-analysis" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In the previous video, we discussed a Head and Neck case with 132,878 voxels total, 9,777 voxels in the tumor, and 328 beamlets.

How many decision variables does our optimization model have?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

Our decision variables are for the intensities of the beamlets. So in this case, we would have 328 decision variables, which is the number of beamlets.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 5: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-5-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
