site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-643.md, before:

---
title: '8.3 Radiation Therapy: An Application of Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 55edcce9e44eb3b209ea19a4efdc913a_quick-question-643
    weight: 210
---
*   [<Video 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.3.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-630" %}})
*   [8.3.3Video 2: An Optimization Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-2-an-optimization-problem" %}})
*   [8.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-635" %}})
*   [8.3.5Video 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-643" %}})
*   [8.3.7Video 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})
*   [8.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-648" %}})
*   [8.3.9Video 5: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-5-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-654" %}})
*   [8.3.11Video 6: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-6-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In our optimal solution, we are giving the maximum allowed dose to the spinal cord (5). If we were to relax this, how much could we decrease the objective? Change the right-hand-side (RHS) of the spinal cord constraint to 6, and re-solve the model. By how much did we decrease the objective? (Hint: the previous objective value was 22.75)

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

If you change the RHS of the spinal cord constraint to 6 and re-solve the model (Tools->Solver, then hit solve) the new objective is 22.1666667. So we decreased the objective by 0.58333333.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-643.md, after:

---
title: '8.3 Radiation Therapy: An Application of Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 55edcce9e44eb3b209ea19a4efdc913a_quick-question-643
    weight: 210
    parent: >-
      7a59278a134c5085244c381fc6090890_radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization
---
*   [<Video 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.3.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-630" %}})
*   [8.3.3Video 2: An Optimization Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-2-an-optimization-problem" %}})
*   [8.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-635" %}})
*   [8.3.5Video 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-643" %}})
*   [8.3.7Video 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})
*   [8.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-648" %}})
*   [8.3.9Video 5: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-5-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/quick-question-654" %}})
*   [8.3.11Video 6: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-6-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In our optimal solution, we are giving the maximum allowed dose to the spinal cord (5). If we were to relax this, how much could we decrease the objective? Change the right-hand-side (RHS) of the spinal cord constraint to 6, and re-solve the model. By how much did we decrease the objective? (Hint: the previous objective value was 22.75)

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

If you change the RHS of the spinal cord constraint to 6 and re-solve the model (Tools->Solver, then hit solve) the new objective is 22.1666667. So we decreased the objective by 0.58333333.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: A Head and Neck Case]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/radiation-therapy-an-application-of-linear-optimization/video-4-a-head-and-neck-case" %}})
