site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-559.md, before:

---
title: '7.3 The Analytical Policeman: Visualization for Law and Order'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 6bc1ec1e1262c5a128e1f822404bb0ba_quick-question-559
    weight: 220
---
*   [<Video 4: A Heatmap]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-4-a-heatmap" %}})
*   [7.3.1Video 1: Predictive Policing]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order" %}})
*   [7.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-540" %}})
*   [7.3.3Video 2: Visualizing Crime Over Time]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-2-visualizing-crime-over-time" %}})
*   [7.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-545" %}})
*   [7.3.5Video 3: A Line Plot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-3-a-line-plot" %}})
*   [7.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-550" %}})
*   [7.3.7Video 4: A Heatmap]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-4-a-heatmap" %}})
*   [7.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-559" %}})
*   [7.3.9Video 5: A Geographical Hot Spot Map]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-5-a-geographical-hot-spot-map" %}})
*   [7.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-567" %}})
*   [7.3.11Video 6: A Heatmap on the United States]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-6-a-heatmap-on-the-united-states" %}})
*   [7.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-575" %}})
*   [7.3.13Video 7: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-7-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Video 5: A Geographical Hot Spot Map]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-5-a-geographical-hot-spot-map" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In this quick question, we'll ask you questions about the following plots. Plot (1) is the heat map we generated at the end of Video 4. Plot (2) and Plot (3) were generated by changing argument values of the command used to generate Plot (1).

**Plot (1) **

![Heatmap of total motor vehicle thefts according to time and day in shades of red.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/bed89f26444014011197fb58867992c7_Week7_Crime_QQ4_1.png)

**Plot (2)**

![Alternate heatmap of total motor vehicle thefts according to time and day in shades of red.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/be57802c07c0cabbef69146663aaec19_Week7_Crime_QQ4_2.png)

**Plot (3)**

![Heatmap of total motor vehicle thefts according to time and day in shades of grey.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/1d25eaf4f014108866b6b4a661b87ed1_Week7_Crime_QQ4_3.png)

Which argument(s) did we change to get Plot (2)? Select all that apply.

Exercise 1

&nbsp;x&nbsp;

&nbsp;y&nbsp;

&nbsp;fill&nbsp;

&nbsp;name&nbsp;

&nbsp;low&nbsp;

&nbsp;high&nbsp;

Explanation

To get Plot (2), we changed the arguments "x" and "y" (we flipped them). Plot (2) can be generated with the following code:

ggplot(DayHourCounts, aes(x = Var1, y = Hour)) + geom\_tile(aes(fill=Freq)) + scale\_fill\_gradient(name="Total MV Thefts", low="white", high="red") + theme(axis.title.y=element\_blank())

Which argument(s) did we change to get Plot (3)? Select all that apply.

Exercise 2

&nbsp;x&nbsp;

&nbsp;y&nbsp;

&nbsp;fill&nbsp;

&nbsp;name&nbsp;

&nbsp;low&nbsp;

&nbsp;high&nbsp;

Explanation

To get Plot (3), we changed the argument "high" to "black". Plot (3) can be generated with the following code:

ggplot(DayHourCounts, aes(x = Hour, y = Var1)) + geom\_tile(aes(fill=Freq)) + scale\_fill\_gradient(name="Total MV Thefts", low="white", high="black") + theme(axis.title.y=element\_blank())

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 4: A Heatmap]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-4-a-heatmap" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 5: A Geographical Hot Spot Map]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-5-a-geographical-hot-spot-map" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-559.md, after:

---
title: '7.3 The Analytical Policeman: Visualization for Law and Order'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 6bc1ec1e1262c5a128e1f822404bb0ba_quick-question-559
    weight: 220
    parent: >-
      716f78f61fe6c5f47370d7a3c4127827_the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order
---
*   [<Video 4: A Heatmap]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-4-a-heatmap" %}})
*   [7.3.1Video 1: Predictive Policing]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order" %}})
*   [7.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-540" %}})
*   [7.3.3Video 2: Visualizing Crime Over Time]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-2-visualizing-crime-over-time" %}})
*   [7.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-545" %}})
*   [7.3.5Video 3: A Line Plot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-3-a-line-plot" %}})
*   [7.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-550" %}})
*   [7.3.7Video 4: A Heatmap]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-4-a-heatmap" %}})
*   [7.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-559" %}})
*   [7.3.9Video 5: A Geographical Hot Spot Map]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-5-a-geographical-hot-spot-map" %}})
*   [7.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-567" %}})
*   [7.3.11Video 6: A Heatmap on the United States]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-6-a-heatmap-on-the-united-states" %}})
*   [7.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-575" %}})
*   [7.3.13Video 7: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-7-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Video 5: A Geographical Hot Spot Map]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-5-a-geographical-hot-spot-map" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In this quick question, we'll ask you questions about the following plots. Plot (1) is the heat map we generated at the end of Video 4. Plot (2) and Plot (3) were generated by changing argument values of the command used to generate Plot (1).

**Plot (1) **

![Heatmap of total motor vehicle thefts according to time and day in shades of red.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/bed89f26444014011197fb58867992c7_Week7_Crime_QQ4_1.png)

**Plot (2)**

![Alternate heatmap of total motor vehicle thefts according to time and day in shades of red.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/be57802c07c0cabbef69146663aaec19_Week7_Crime_QQ4_2.png)

**Plot (3)**

![Heatmap of total motor vehicle thefts according to time and day in shades of grey.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/1d25eaf4f014108866b6b4a661b87ed1_Week7_Crime_QQ4_3.png)

Which argument(s) did we change to get Plot (2)? Select all that apply.

Exercise 1

&nbsp;x&nbsp;

&nbsp;y&nbsp;

&nbsp;fill&nbsp;

&nbsp;name&nbsp;

&nbsp;low&nbsp;

&nbsp;high&nbsp;

Explanation

To get Plot (2), we changed the arguments "x" and "y" (we flipped them). Plot (2) can be generated with the following code:

ggplot(DayHourCounts, aes(x = Var1, y = Hour)) + geom\_tile(aes(fill=Freq)) + scale\_fill\_gradient(name="Total MV Thefts", low="white", high="red") + theme(axis.title.y=element\_blank())

Which argument(s) did we change to get Plot (3)? Select all that apply.

Exercise 2

&nbsp;x&nbsp;

&nbsp;y&nbsp;

&nbsp;fill&nbsp;

&nbsp;name&nbsp;

&nbsp;low&nbsp;

&nbsp;high&nbsp;

Explanation

To get Plot (3), we changed the argument "high" to "black". Plot (3) can be generated with the following code:

ggplot(DayHourCounts, aes(x = Hour, y = Var1)) + geom\_tile(aes(fill=Freq)) + scale\_fill\_gradient(name="Total MV Thefts", low="white", high="black") + theme(axis.title.y=element\_blank())

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 4: A Heatmap]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-4-a-heatmap" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 5: A Geographical Hot Spot Map]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-5-a-geographical-hot-spot-map" %}})
