site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-2-visualizing-crime-over-time.md, before:

---
title: '7.3 The Analytical Policeman: Visualization for Law and Order'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 647a1b5c5d6b626d39aa4ad77903806e_video-2-visualizing-crime-over-time
    weight: 170
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-540" %}})
*   [7.3.1Video 1: Predictive Policing]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order" %}})
*   [7.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-540" %}})
*   [7.3.3Video 2: Visualizing Crime Over Time]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-2-visualizing-crime-over-time" %}})
*   [7.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-545" %}})
*   [7.3.5Video 3: A Line Plot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-3-a-line-plot" %}})
*   [7.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-550" %}})
*   [7.3.7Video 4: A Heatmap]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-4-a-heatmap" %}})
*   [7.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-559" %}})
*   [7.3.9Video 5: A Geographical Hot Spot Map]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-5-a-geographical-hot-spot-map" %}})
*   [7.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-567" %}})
*   [7.3.11Video 6: A Heatmap on the United States]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-6-a-heatmap-on-the-united-states" %}})
*   [7.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-575" %}})
*   [7.3.13Video 7: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-7-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-545" %}})

Video 2: Visualizing Crime Over Time
------------------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-540" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-545" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-2-visualizing-crime-over-time.md, after:

---
title: '7.3 The Analytical Policeman: Visualization for Law and Order'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 647a1b5c5d6b626d39aa4ad77903806e_video-2-visualizing-crime-over-time
    weight: 170
    parent: >-
      716f78f61fe6c5f47370d7a3c4127827_the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-540" %}})
*   [7.3.1Video 1: Predictive Policing]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order" %}})
*   [7.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-540" %}})
*   [7.3.3Video 2: Visualizing Crime Over Time]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-2-visualizing-crime-over-time" %}})
*   [7.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-545" %}})
*   [7.3.5Video 3: A Line Plot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-3-a-line-plot" %}})
*   [7.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-550" %}})
*   [7.3.7Video 4: A Heatmap]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-4-a-heatmap" %}})
*   [7.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-559" %}})
*   [7.3.9Video 5: A Geographical Hot Spot Map]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-5-a-geographical-hot-spot-map" %}})
*   [7.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-567" %}})
*   [7.3.11Video 6: A Heatmap on the United States]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-6-a-heatmap-on-the-united-states" %}})
*   [7.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-575" %}})
*   [7.3.13Video 7: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/video-7-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-545" %}})

Video 2: Visualizing Crime Over Time
------------------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-540" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-analytical-policeman-visualization-for-law-and-order/quick-question-545" %}})
