site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581.md, before:

---
title: '8.2 Airline Revenue Management: An Introduction to Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 3a0381dfab5eb38df33852ce8d57f81b_quick-question-581
    weight: 170
---
*   [<Video 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [8.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.2.2Video 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [8.2.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [8.2.4Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [8.2.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})
*   [8.2.6Video 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-598" %}})
*   [8.2.8Video 5: Visualizing the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-5-visualizing-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-606" %}})
*   [8.2.10Video 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.2.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-614" %}})
*   [8.2.12Video 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})
*   [8.2.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-620" %}})
*   [8.2.14Video 8: The Edge of Revenue Management]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-8-the-edge-of-revenue-management" %}})
*   [\\>Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Suppose that, as in the previous video, regular seats cost $617 and discount seats cost $238. We are selling 166 seats. The demand for regular seats is 150 and the demand for discount seats is 150.

How many discount seats should we sell?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

Since regular seats give us more revenue, we should sell enough regular seats to meet the demand. This means that we will sell 150 regular seats. Since our capacity is 166, this leaves 16 seats to sell to discount customers.

What would our total revenue be, for both regular and discount seats, assuming that we have a full plane?

Exercise 2

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

We would sell 150 seats to regular customers, giving us a revenue of $617\*150, and 16 seats to discount customers, giving us a revenue of $238\*16. Our total revenue would be $617\*150 + $238\*16 = $96,358.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581.md, after:

---
title: '8.2 Airline Revenue Management: An Introduction to Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 3a0381dfab5eb38df33852ce8d57f81b_quick-question-581
    weight: 170
    parent: >-
      2900efa71aff756dfeba74c6d16f2d3d_airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization
---
*   [<Video 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [8.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.2.2Video 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [8.2.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [8.2.4Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [8.2.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})
*   [8.2.6Video 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-598" %}})
*   [8.2.8Video 5: Visualizing the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-5-visualizing-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-606" %}})
*   [8.2.10Video 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.2.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-614" %}})
*   [8.2.12Video 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})
*   [8.2.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-620" %}})
*   [8.2.14Video 8: The Edge of Revenue Management]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-8-the-edge-of-revenue-management" %}})
*   [\\>Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Suppose that, as in the previous video, regular seats cost $617 and discount seats cost $238. We are selling 166 seats. The demand for regular seats is 150 and the demand for discount seats is 150.

How many discount seats should we sell?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

Since regular seats give us more revenue, we should sell enough regular seats to meet the demand. This means that we will sell 150 regular seats. Since our capacity is 166, this leaves 16 seats to sell to discount customers.

What would our total revenue be, for both regular and discount seats, assuming that we have a full plane?

Exercise 2

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

We would sell 150 seats to regular customers, giving us a revenue of $617\*150, and 16 seats to discount customers, giving us a revenue of $238\*16. Our total revenue would be $617\*150 + $238\*16 = $96,358.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
