site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590.md, before:

---
title: '8.2 Airline Revenue Management: An Introduction to Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: b7f0594b3047a305cb8af6815a526173_quick-question-590
    weight: 190
---
*   [<Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [8.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.2.2Video 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [8.2.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [8.2.4Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [8.2.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})
*   [8.2.6Video 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-598" %}})
*   [8.2.8Video 5: Visualizing the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-5-visualizing-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-606" %}})
*   [8.2.10Video 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.2.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-614" %}})
*   [8.2.12Video 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})
*   [8.2.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-620" %}})
*   [8.2.14Video 8: The Edge of Revenue Management]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-8-the-edge-of-revenue-management" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In the previous video, we set up an optimization problem with 2 different types of tickets.

How many decision variables would we have if there were 4 different types of tickets?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

How many constraints would we have if there were 4 different types of tickets (with two different types of tickets, our model has 5 constraints: one capacity constraint, two demand constraints, and two non-negativity constraints)?

Exercise 2

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

If our model had 4 different types of tickets, we would have four decision variables, one for each type of ticket. We would have 9 constraints, since we would need one capacity constraint, 4 demand constraints, and 4 non-negativity constraints.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590.md, after:

---
title: '8.2 Airline Revenue Management: An Introduction to Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: b7f0594b3047a305cb8af6815a526173_quick-question-590
    weight: 190
    parent: >-
      2900efa71aff756dfeba74c6d16f2d3d_airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization
---
*   [<Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [8.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.2.2Video 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [8.2.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [8.2.4Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [8.2.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})
*   [8.2.6Video 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-598" %}})
*   [8.2.8Video 5: Visualizing the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-5-visualizing-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-606" %}})
*   [8.2.10Video 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.2.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-614" %}})
*   [8.2.12Video 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})
*   [8.2.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-620" %}})
*   [8.2.14Video 8: The Edge of Revenue Management]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-8-the-edge-of-revenue-management" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In the previous video, we set up an optimization problem with 2 different types of tickets.

How many decision variables would we have if there were 4 different types of tickets?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

How many constraints would we have if there were 4 different types of tickets (with two different types of tickets, our model has 5 constraints: one capacity constraint, two demand constraints, and two non-negativity constraints)?

Exercise 2

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

If our model had 4 different types of tickets, we would have four decision variables, one for each type of ticket. We would have 9 constraints, since we would need one capacity constraint, 4 demand constraints, and 4 non-negativity constraints.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})
