site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-614.md, before:

---
title: '8.2 Airline Revenue Management: An Introduction to Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 71d3d9d324355e5d19725596dcc0bf78_quick-question-614
    weight: 250
---
*   [<Video 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.2.2Video 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [8.2.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [8.2.4Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [8.2.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})
*   [8.2.6Video 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-598" %}})
*   [8.2.8Video 5: Visualizing the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-5-visualizing-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-606" %}})
*   [8.2.10Video 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.2.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-614" %}})
*   [8.2.12Video 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})
*   [8.2.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-620" %}})
*   [8.2.14Video 8: The Edge of Revenue Management]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-8-the-edge-of-revenue-management" %}})
*   [\\>Video 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In your spreadsheet, change the capacity to 250 in the capacity constraint, the regular demand to 150, and the discount demand to 150. Then re-solve the model.

What is the objective value of the optimal solution?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

You can change the values in the capacity constraint RHS (cell D11), the regular demand (cell D5), and the discount demand (cell D6) and resolve the model by selecting "Solver..." in the "Tools" menu. After it finishes solving, the objective value can be found in the blue cell (B8)

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-614.md, after:

---
title: '8.2 Airline Revenue Management: An Introduction to Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 71d3d9d324355e5d19725596dcc0bf78_quick-question-614
    weight: 250
    parent: >-
      2900efa71aff756dfeba74c6d16f2d3d_airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization
---
*   [<Video 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.2.2Video 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [8.2.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [8.2.4Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [8.2.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})
*   [8.2.6Video 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-598" %}})
*   [8.2.8Video 5: Visualizing the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-5-visualizing-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-606" %}})
*   [8.2.10Video 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.2.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-614" %}})
*   [8.2.12Video 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})
*   [8.2.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-620" %}})
*   [8.2.14Video 8: The Edge of Revenue Management]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-8-the-edge-of-revenue-management" %}})
*   [\\>Video 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In your spreadsheet, change the capacity to 250 in the capacity constraint, the regular demand to 150, and the discount demand to 150. Then re-solve the model.

What is the objective value of the optimal solution?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

You can change the values in the capacity constraint RHS (cell D11), the regular demand (cell D5), and the discount demand (cell D6) and resolve the model by selecting "Solver..." in the "Tools" menu. After it finishes solving, the objective value can be found in the blue cell (B8)

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})
