site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation.md, before:

---
title: '8.2 Airline Revenue Management: An Introduction to Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: e9725d1bf88eacdd5ae8cd5e31dbe7cc_video-3-the-problem-formulation
    weight: 180
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [8.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.2.2Video 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [8.2.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [8.2.4Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [8.2.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})
*   [8.2.6Video 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-598" %}})
*   [8.2.8Video 5: Visualizing the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-5-visualizing-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-606" %}})
*   [8.2.10Video 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.2.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-614" %}})
*   [8.2.12Video 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})
*   [8.2.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-620" %}})
*   [8.2.14Video 8: The Edge of Revenue Management]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-8-the-edge-of-revenue-management" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})

Video 3: The Problem Formulation
--------------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation.md, after:

---
title: '8.2 Airline Revenue Management: An Introduction to Linear Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: e9725d1bf88eacdd5ae8cd5e31dbe7cc_video-3-the-problem-formulation
    weight: 180
    parent: >-
      2900efa71aff756dfeba74c6d16f2d3d_airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [8.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization" %}})
*   [8.2.2Video 2: A Single Flight]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-2-a-single-flight" %}})
*   [8.2.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [8.2.4Video 3: The Problem Formulation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-3-the-problem-formulation" %}})
*   [8.2.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})
*   [8.2.6Video 4: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-4-solving-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-598" %}})
*   [8.2.8Video 5: Visualizing the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-5-visualizing-the-problem" %}})
*   [8.2.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-606" %}})
*   [8.2.10Video 6: Sensitivity Analysis]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-6-sensitivity-analysis" %}})
*   [8.2.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-614" %}})
*   [8.2.12Video 7: Connecting Flights]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-7-connecting-flights" %}})
*   [8.2.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-620" %}})
*   [8.2.14Video 8: The Edge of Revenue Management]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/video-8-the-edge-of-revenue-management" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})

Video 3: The Problem Formulation
--------------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-581" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/linear-optimization/airline-revenue-management-an-introduction-to-linear-optimization/quick-question-590" %}})
