site/content/courses/21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014/sections/syllabus.md, before:

---
title: Syllabus
menu:
  21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014:
    identifier: syllabus
    weight: 10
---
Course Meeting Times
--------------------

Lectures: 2 sessions / week, 1.5 hours / session

Prerequisites
-------------

[_21M.301 Harmony and Counterpoint I_](./resolveuid/4a16a746d8d94c67b1cd15a83a556ab8) or permission of instructor. Basic score-reading ability is recommended.

General Information
-------------------

In _21M.250_ we will study the style, form, musical language, and context of selected works composed from the late eighteenth century (the time of Beethoven) through the late nineteenth century (Mahler). Listening, specifically analytical listening is vital to this course. Initially, you should listen to each assignment before and after the class meeting. Then listen again (and again), in order to familiarize yourself with each piece.

The primary text for this class is:  
[![Amazon logo](/images/a_logo_17.gif)](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0199842167/ref=nosim/mitopencourse-20) Taruskin, Richard. _Music in the Nineteenth Century: The Oxford History of Western Music_. Oxford University Press, 2011. ISBN: 9780199842162. Assigned readings will be taken from this text.

Listening and Reading Assignments
---------------------------------

Recordings and some scores for each listening assignment are listed on the [Listening and Scores page]({{% ref "listening-and-scores" %}}). Weekly reading assignments and musical works covered can be found on the [Readings page]({{% ref "readings" %}}).

### Recordings

Recommended recordings for the assigned listening are cited on the Listening and Scores page. Performances can be heard through the [Naxos Music Library](http://www.naxosmusiclibrary.com/) and other online subscription services; check with your local public or university library for access to online music resources. Some recordings are openly available on the International Music Score Library Project ([IMSLP](http://imslp.org)) website. [Youtube](http://youtube.com) is another option for listening to performances, but the recording quality can vary.

_Scores_

The required textbook contains numerous score excerpts. Many open source full scores are available on the [IMSLP](http://imslp.org) website, or you can check your local library.

Class Participation
-------------------

Students are expected to come to each class meeting prepared to participate actively. In addition, all students will be asked to lead the discussions on specific pieces from the assigned listening.

[Written Assignments]({{% ref "assignments" %}}) 
-------------------------------------------------

_Concert Reports:_ You will attend three concerts this semester featuring music from the late eighteenth through the late nineteenth centuries and write 2–4 page reports on each experience.

_Listening Guides:_ Each student will prepare several listening guides which will be shared with the class and used to lead that day's discussion of the assigned listening.

Exams
-----

There will be two exams. Each exam will cover the assigned listening and reading, as well as material discussed in class. Questions will feature excerpts from the assigned listening for identification, description, and comparison. Additional questions will deal with concepts (describing musical forms, explaining the significance of particular pieces, etc.) and terms.

Grading
-------

| ACTIVITIES | PERCENTAGES |
| --- | --- |
| 2 Exams | 15% each |
| 3 Concert reports | 10% each |
| 2–3 Listening guides | 10–15% each |
| Participation | 10% 

Calendar
--------

| WEEK # | TOPICS | KEY DATES |
| --- | --- | --- |
| I | Introduction and Beethoven |   |
| II | Beethoven and Rossini; Bellini; Field; Schubert |   |
| III | _Lieder_; Felix and Fanny Mendelssohn; Weber |   |
| IV | Meyerbeer; Glinka; Paganini; Liszt | Concert Report 1 due |
| V | Schumann; Berlioz; Chopin; |   |
| VI | Gottschalk; David; Smetana; Balakirev |   |
| VII | Exam Week; Wagner and Verdi | Exam 1 |
| VIII | Wagner and Verdi (cont.) | Concert Report 2 due |
| IX | Musorgsky; Tchaikovsky; Bizet; Puccini |   |
| X | Brahms |   |
| XI | Symphony |   |
| XII | The Symphony; Mahler | Concert Report 3 due |
| XIII | Exam Week | Exam 2 |
| XIV | Wrap-up and Informal Presentations |

Commit message:

Hierarchical content support (#72)
* Add checks in nav templates to make sure the course_id Param is set before trying to access it.

* Add heirarchal sample content

* Fixing changes that got blown away in rebase

* Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

* Get the course home page on the course info partial so that it displays properly when the partial is rendered on sub-pages

* simplify finding course home on the course info partial

* Add back in course_id check before nav render

* Remove {{end}} merge artifact

* Add back in missing div closing tag

* put course section template into a partial that can be called from section.html and single.html

* Update with latest markdown from ocw-to-hugo using new menu indexing.

site/content/courses/21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014/sections/syllabus.md, after:

---
title: Syllabus
course_id: 21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014
menu:
  21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014:
    identifier: eee6cb2fc73d5c5d028a4561dba87255_syllabus
    weight: 10
---
Course Meeting Times
--------------------

Lectures: 2 sessions / week, 1.5 hours / session

Prerequisites
-------------

[_21M.301 Harmony and Counterpoint I_](./resolveuid/4a16a746d8d94c67b1cd15a83a556ab8) or permission of instructor. Basic score-reading ability is recommended.

General Information
-------------------

In _21M.250_ we will study the style, form, musical language, and context of selected works composed from the late eighteenth century (the time of Beethoven) through the late nineteenth century (Mahler). Listening, specifically analytical listening is vital to this course. Initially, you should listen to each assignment before and after the class meeting. Then listen again (and again), in order to familiarize yourself with each piece.

The primary text for this class is:  
[![Amazon logo](/images/a_logo_17.gif)](http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/0199842167/ref=nosim/mitopencourse-20) Taruskin, Richard. _Music in the Nineteenth Century: The Oxford History of Western Music_. Oxford University Press, 2011. ISBN: 9780199842162. Assigned readings will be taken from this text.

Listening and Reading Assignments
---------------------------------

Recordings and some scores for each listening assignment are listed on the [Listening and Scores page]({{% ref "courses/21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014/sections/listening-and-scores" %}}). Weekly reading assignments and musical works covered can be found on the [Readings page]({{% ref "courses/21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014/sections/readings" %}}).

### Recordings

Recommended recordings for the assigned listening are cited on the Listening and Scores page. Performances can be heard through the [Naxos Music Library](http://www.naxosmusiclibrary.com/) and other online subscription services; check with your local public or university library for access to online music resources. Some recordings are openly available on the International Music Score Library Project ([IMSLP](http://imslp.org)) website. [Youtube](http://youtube.com) is another option for listening to performances, but the recording quality can vary.

_Scores_

The required textbook contains numerous score excerpts. Many open source full scores are available on the [IMSLP](http://imslp.org) website, or you can check your local library.

Class Participation
-------------------

Students are expected to come to each class meeting prepared to participate actively. In addition, all students will be asked to lead the discussions on specific pieces from the assigned listening.

[Written Assignments]({{% ref "courses/21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014/sections/assignments" %}}) 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

_Concert Reports:_ You will attend three concerts this semester featuring music from the late eighteenth through the late nineteenth centuries and write 2–4 page reports on each experience.

_Listening Guides:_ Each student will prepare several listening guides which will be shared with the class and used to lead that day's discussion of the assigned listening.

Exams
-----

There will be two exams. Each exam will cover the assigned listening and reading, as well as material discussed in class. Questions will feature excerpts from the assigned listening for identification, description, and comparison. Additional questions will deal with concepts (describing musical forms, explaining the significance of particular pieces, etc.) and terms.

Grading
-------

| ACTIVITIES | PERCENTAGES |
| --- | --- |
| 2 Exams | 15% each |
| 3 Concert reports | 10% each |
| 2–3 Listening guides | 10–15% each |
| Participation | 10% 

Calendar
--------

| WEEK # | TOPICS | KEY DATES |
| --- | --- | --- |
| I | Introduction and Beethoven |   |
| II | Beethoven and Rossini; Bellini; Field; Schubert |   |
| III | _Lieder_; Felix and Fanny Mendelssohn; Weber |   |
| IV | Meyerbeer; Glinka; Paganini; Liszt | Concert Report 1 due |
| V | Schumann; Berlioz; Chopin; |   |
| VI | Gottschalk; David; Smetana; Balakirev |   |
| VII | Exam Week; Wagner and Verdi | Exam 1 |
| VIII | Wagner and Verdi (cont.) | Concert Report 2 due |
| IX | Musorgsky; Tchaikovsky; Bizet; Puccini |   |
| X | Brahms |   |
| XI | Symphony |   |
| XII | The Symphony; Mahler | Concert Report 3 due |
| XIII | Exam Week | Exam 2 |
| XIV | Wrap-up and Informal Presentations |
