site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/problem-set-9.md, before:

---
title: Problem Set 9
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 14f8514cd8143524d6237c820201bc0c_problem-set-9
    weight: 130
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-73-completing-the-square" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session you will:

*   Do practice problems
*   Use the solutions to check your work

Problems Set
------------

Use [Integration Techniques (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/598a8927f50810215e7b6de64027e0e7_MIT18_01SC_pset5prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5B | Integration by direct substitution | 9, 11, 13, 16 |
| 5C | Trigonometric integrals | 5, 7, 9, 11 |
| 5D | Integration by inverse substitution | 1, 2, 7, 10 

### Solutions

[Solutions to Integration Techniques problems (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/d4e4321ab77eedd17d29e30bea7d0965_MIT18_01SC_pset5sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

_This problem set is from exercises and solutions written by David Jerison and Arthur Mattuck._

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-73-completing-the-square" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/problem-set-9.md, after:

---
title: Problem Set 9
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 14f8514cd8143524d6237c820201bc0c_problem-set-9
    weight: 130
    parent: >-
      6b4ef50053da70f0e8654886100e09bb_part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-73-completing-the-square" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session you will:

*   Do practice problems
*   Use the solutions to check your work

Problems Set
------------

Use [Integration Techniques (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/598a8927f50810215e7b6de64027e0e7_MIT18_01SC_pset5prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5B | Integration by direct substitution | 9, 11, 13, 16 |
| 5C | Trigonometric integrals | 5, 7, 9, 11 |
| 5D | Integration by inverse substitution | 1, 2, 7, 10 

### Solutions

[Solutions to Integration Techniques problems (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/d4e4321ab77eedd17d29e30bea7d0965_MIT18_01SC_pset5sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

_This problem set is from exercises and solutions written by David Jerison and Arthur Mattuck._

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-73-completing-the-square" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area" %}}) »
