site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 70: Preview of Trig Substitution and Polar Coordinates'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      a38f4a8dd90b153bd08f5ba8ba270970_session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates
    weight: 90
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-69-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-even-exponents" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent" %}}) »

Overview
--------

For some integrals it's advantageous to use polar coordinates, replacing x by r times the cosine of theta and y by r sine theta.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

An Alternate Solution

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/8b37b56d2f59ee41cc63f9e0410c4831_MIT18_01SCF10_ex70prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/b9d6f62d80c9783b30aa6c9379a5e771_MIT18_01SCF10_ex70sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-69-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-even-exponents" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 70: Preview of Trig Substitution and Polar Coordinates'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      a38f4a8dd90b153bd08f5ba8ba270970_session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates
    weight: 90
    parent: >-
      6b4ef50053da70f0e8654886100e09bb_part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-69-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-even-exponents" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent" %}}) »

Overview
--------

For some integrals it's advantageous to use polar coordinates, replacing x by r times the cosine of theta and y by r sine theta.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

An Alternate Solution

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/8b37b56d2f59ee41cc63f9e0410c4831_MIT18_01SCF10_ex70prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/b9d6f62d80c9783b30aa6c9379a5e771_MIT18_01SCF10_ex70sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-69-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-even-exponents" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent" %}}) »
