site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 71: Integrals Involving secant, cosecant and cotangent'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      369ea1a042d34dea55d07a2b967f59af_session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent
    weight: 100
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-72-trig-substitution" %}}) »

Overview
--------

We conclude the discussion of integrating trig functions by reviewing the derivatives of tangent and secant, then finding antiderivatives for these functions and for cosecant.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Integral of tan4θ

Worked Example
--------------

Integral of tan3(x)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/a4f718fcbc599aaa69e7393645533210_MIT18_01SCF10_ex71prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/c05c05172bf0f7543b3c2daeaf308521_MIT18_01SCF10_ex71sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-72-trig-substitution" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 71: Integrals Involving secant, cosecant and cotangent'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      369ea1a042d34dea55d07a2b967f59af_session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent
    weight: 100
    parent: >-
      6b4ef50053da70f0e8654886100e09bb_part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-72-trig-substitution" %}}) »

Overview
--------

We conclude the discussion of integrating trig functions by reviewing the derivatives of tangent and secant, then finding antiderivatives for these functions and for cosecant.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Integral of tan4θ

Worked Example
--------------

Integral of tan3(x)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/a4f718fcbc599aaa69e7393645533210_MIT18_01SCF10_ex71prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/c05c05172bf0f7543b3c2daeaf308521_MIT18_01SCF10_ex71sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-72-trig-substitution" %}}) »
