site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-69-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-even-exponents.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 69: Integral of sin^n(x) cos^m(x), Even Exponents'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      60fd16b3d72fefca72098904f15c0f02_session-69-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-even-exponents
    weight: 80
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-68-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-odd-exponents" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session we complete the search for antiderivatives of products of sine and cosine.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integral of sin4(x) cos2(x)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/a9eb7129f4d036d991d97f263277ef6b_MIT18_01SCF10_ex69prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/3d8a4f067f9f164a86bca621dbcf11c2_MIT18_01SCF10_ex69sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-68-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-odd-exponents" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-69-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-even-exponents.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 69: Integral of sin^n(x) cos^m(x), Even Exponents'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      60fd16b3d72fefca72098904f15c0f02_session-69-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-even-exponents
    weight: 80
    parent: >-
      6b4ef50053da70f0e8654886100e09bb_part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-68-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-odd-exponents" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session we complete the search for antiderivatives of products of sine and cosine.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integral of sin4(x) cos2(x)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/a9eb7129f4d036d991d97f263277ef6b_MIT18_01SCF10_ex69prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/3d8a4f067f9f164a86bca621dbcf11c2_MIT18_01SCF10_ex69sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-68-integral-of-sin-n-x-cos-m-x-odd-exponents" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-70-preview-of-trig-substitution-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) »
