site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-72-trig-substitution.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 72: Trig Substitution'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 9894378ce8db90173778fc7a13cad022_session-72-trig-substitution
    weight: 110
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-73-completing-the-square" %}}) »

Overview
--------

This technique is useful for integrating square roots of sums of squares. This session also covers the trigonometry needed to convert your answer to a more useful form.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Substitution Practice

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/71d5270dd19cc8a0de7a3cf60d12c874_MIT18_01SCF10_ex72prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/9f237b024ea01e7c287fd426785d87f7_MIT18_01SCF10_ex72sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

Recitation Video
----------------

### Hyperbolic Trig Substitution

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-73-completing-the-square" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-72-trig-substitution.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 72: Trig Substitution'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 9894378ce8db90173778fc7a13cad022_session-72-trig-substitution
    weight: 110
    parent: >-
      6b4ef50053da70f0e8654886100e09bb_part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-73-completing-the-square" %}}) »

Overview
--------

This technique is useful for integrating square roots of sums of squares. This session also covers the trigonometry needed to convert your answer to a more useful form.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Substitution Practice

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/71d5270dd19cc8a0de7a3cf60d12c874_MIT18_01SCF10_ex72prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/9f237b024ea01e7c287fd426785d87f7_MIT18_01SCF10_ex72sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

Recitation Video
----------------

### Hyperbolic Trig Substitution

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-71-integrals-involving-secant-cosecant-and-cotangent" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-a-trigonometric-powers-trigonometric-substitution-and-completing-the-square/session-73-completing-the-square" %}}) »
