site/content/courses/20-020-introduction-to-biological-engineering-design-spring-2009/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 20-020-introduction-to-biological-engineering-design-spring-2009
course_title: Introduction to Biological Engineering Design
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data-ci.s3.amazonaws.com/20-020-introduction-to-biological-engineering-design-spring-2009/9cd08e0573573f60c97b19038c3b678b_20-020s09.jpg
course_thumbnail_image_url: ''
course_image_alternate_text: ''
course_image_caption_text: ''
course_description: >-

  <P>This class is a project-based introduction to the engineering of synthetic
  biological systems. Throughout the term, students develop projects that are
  responsive to real-world problems of their choosing, and whose solutions
  depend on biological technologies. Lectures, discussions, and studio exercises
  will introduce (1) components and control of prokaryotic and eukaryotic
  behavior, (2) DNA synthesis, standards, and abstraction in biological
  engineering, and (3) issues of human practice, including biological safety;
  security; ownership, sharing, and innovation; and ethics. Enrollment
  preference is given to freshmen.</p>

  <p>This subject was originally developed and first taught in Spring 2008 by
  Drew Endy and Natalie Kuldell. Many of Drew's materials are used in this
  Spring 2009 version, and are included with his permission.</p>

  <p>This OCW Web site is based on the OpenWetWare class Wiki, found at <a
  href="http://openwetware.org/wiki/20.20%28S09%29">OpenWetWare: 20.020
  (S09)</a></p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Andrew Endy
    - Prof. Natalie Kuldell
  departments:
    - Biological Engineering
  course_features:
    - feature: AV special element video
      subfeature: Tutorial
    - feature: Lecture notes
      subfeature: Complete
    - feature: Projects
      subfeature: Examples
  topics:
    Engineering:
      Biological Engineering:
        - Synthetic Biology
  course_numbers:
    - '20.020'
  term: Spring 2009
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  20-020-introduction-to-biological-engineering-design-spring-2009:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Image gallery (#140)
* committing test page and empty shortcodes

* add shortcodes

* add nanogallery2 and dependencies

* webpack config

* add initImageGalleries function

* image-gallery javascript class is not necessary

* fmt

* updated markdown

site/content/courses/20-020-introduction-to-biological-engineering-design-spring-2009/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 20-020-introduction-to-biological-engineering-design-spring-2009
course_title: Introduction to Biological Engineering Design
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data-ci.s3.amazonaws.com/20-020-introduction-to-biological-engineering-design-spring-2009/9cd08e0573573f60c97b19038c3b678b_20-020s09.jpg
course_thumbnail_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data-ci.s3.amazonaws.com/20-020-introduction-to-biological-engineering-design-spring-2009/5df425bed50f162e651a5537a8379a3e_20-020s09-th.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: Colorful stylized cartoon of a woman looking at a synthetic biology creation.
course_image_caption_text: >-

  <p>This class is Course 20's project-based introduction to the engineering of
  synthetic biological systems. (Image courtesy of Justin Lo. Used with
  permission.)</p>
course_description: >-

  <P>This class is a project-based introduction to the engineering of synthetic
  biological systems. Throughout the term, students develop projects that are
  responsive to real-world problems of their choosing, and whose solutions
  depend on biological technologies. Lectures, discussions, and studio exercises
  will introduce (1) components and control of prokaryotic and eukaryotic
  behavior, (2) DNA synthesis, standards, and abstraction in biological
  engineering, and (3) issues of human practice, including biological safety;
  security; ownership, sharing, and innovation; and ethics. Enrollment
  preference is given to freshmen.</p>

  <p>This subject was originally developed and first taught in Spring 2008 by
  Drew Endy and Natalie Kuldell. Many of Drew's materials are used in this
  Spring 2009 version, and are included with his permission.</p>

  <p>This OCW Web site is based on the OpenWetWare class Wiki, found at <a
  href="http://openwetware.org/wiki/20.20%28S09%29">OpenWetWare: 20.020
  (S09)</a></p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Andrew Endy
    - Prof. Natalie Kuldell
  departments:
    - Biological Engineering
  course_features:
    - feature: AV special element video
      subfeature: Tutorial
    - feature: Lecture notes
      subfeature: Complete
    - feature: Projects
      subfeature: Examples
  topics:
    Engineering:
      Biological Engineering:
        - Synthetic Biology
  course_numbers:
    - '20.020'
  term: Spring 2009
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  20-020-introduction-to-biological-engineering-design-spring-2009:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
