site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem-2.md, before:

---
title: '9.2 Sports Scheduling: An Introduction to Integer Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 611ff2e225d312915c1705e9cd35ede7_video-3-solving-the-problem-2
    weight: 200
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})
*   [9.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization" %}})
*   [9.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-665" %}})
*   [9.2.3Video 2: The Optimization Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-2-the-optimization-problem" %}})
*   [9.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})
*   [9.2.5Video 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem-2" %}})
*   [9.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-685" %}})
*   [9.2.7Video 4: Logical Constraints]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-4-logical-constraints" %}})
*   [9.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-693" %}})
*   [9.2.9Video 5: The Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-5-the-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-685" %}})

Video 3: Solving the Problem
----------------------------

In this video, we'll be using the spreadsheet SportsScheduling. If you are using LibreOffice or OpenOffice, please download and open the spreadsheet [SportsScheduling (ODS)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/dce548fb4eb6da08dd5eca135b495dcc_SportsScheduling.ods). If you are using Microsoft Excel, please download and open the spreadsheet [SportsScheduling (XLSX)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/44adf40f04de3810e7c6e9d20a9c30ab_SportsScheduling.xlsx). The following spreadsheets have the completed model as it is at the end of the video: [SportsScheduling\_Complete (ODS)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/4689ae72d42c3f0af3efb10e8f6a3532_SportsScheduling_Complete.ods) and [SportsScheduling\_Complete (XLSX)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/d5726d488330a2040e3e775ea23cc824_SportsScheduling_Complete.xlsx).

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-685" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem-2.md, after:

---
title: '9.2 Sports Scheduling: An Introduction to Integer Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 611ff2e225d312915c1705e9cd35ede7_video-3-solving-the-problem-2
    weight: 200
    parent: >-
      fbf2b7049246466ef24736bff248b7c3_sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})
*   [9.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization" %}})
*   [9.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-665" %}})
*   [9.2.3Video 2: The Optimization Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-2-the-optimization-problem" %}})
*   [9.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})
*   [9.2.5Video 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem-2" %}})
*   [9.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-685" %}})
*   [9.2.7Video 4: Logical Constraints]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-4-logical-constraints" %}})
*   [9.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-693" %}})
*   [9.2.9Video 5: The Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-5-the-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-685" %}})

Video 3: Solving the Problem
----------------------------

In this video, we'll be using the spreadsheet SportsScheduling. If you are using LibreOffice or OpenOffice, please download and open the spreadsheet [SportsScheduling (ODS)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/dce548fb4eb6da08dd5eca135b495dcc_SportsScheduling.ods). If you are using Microsoft Excel, please download and open the spreadsheet [SportsScheduling (XLSX)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/44adf40f04de3810e7c6e9d20a9c30ab_SportsScheduling.xlsx). The following spreadsheets have the completed model as it is at the end of the video: [SportsScheduling\_Complete (ODS)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/4689ae72d42c3f0af3efb10e8f6a3532_SportsScheduling_Complete.ods) and [SportsScheduling\_Complete (XLSX)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/d5726d488330a2040e3e775ea23cc824_SportsScheduling_Complete.xlsx).

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-685" %}})
