site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-2-the-optimization-problem.md, before:

---
title: '9.2 Sports Scheduling: An Introduction to Integer Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 30848359f3cc9abb7ae995a7ade4fd97_video-2-the-optimization-problem
    weight: 180
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-665" %}})
*   [9.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization" %}})
*   [9.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-665" %}})
*   [9.2.3Video 2: The Optimization Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-2-the-optimization-problem" %}})
*   [9.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})
*   [9.2.5Video 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem-2" %}})
*   [9.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-685" %}})
*   [9.2.7Video 4: Logical Constraints]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-4-logical-constraints" %}})
*   [9.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-693" %}})
*   [9.2.9Video 5: The Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-5-the-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})

Video 2: The Optimization Problem
---------------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-665" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-2-the-optimization-problem.md, after:

---
title: '9.2 Sports Scheduling: An Introduction to Integer Optimization '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 30848359f3cc9abb7ae995a7ade4fd97_video-2-the-optimization-problem
    weight: 180
    parent: >-
      fbf2b7049246466ef24736bff248b7c3_sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-665" %}})
*   [9.2.1Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization" %}})
*   [9.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-665" %}})
*   [9.2.3Video 2: The Optimization Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-2-the-optimization-problem" %}})
*   [9.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})
*   [9.2.5Video 3: Solving the Problem]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-3-solving-the-problem-2" %}})
*   [9.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-685" %}})
*   [9.2.7Video 4: Logical Constraints]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-4-logical-constraints" %}})
*   [9.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-693" %}})
*   [9.2.9Video 5: The Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/video-5-the-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})

Video 2: The Optimization Problem
---------------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-665" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/sports-scheduling-an-introduction-to-integer-optimization/quick-question-673" %}})
