---
title: Reading Questions 16
course_id: 18-05-introduction-to-probability-and-statistics-spring-2014
menu:
  18-05-introduction-to-probability-and-statistics-spring-2014:
    identifier: 974f4c15a9c6a04d7c259db893fc51fa
    name: Reading Questions 16
    weight: 450
    parent: 579c055accb4eb7ebb6bf294146b45a5
---
Reading Questions Answer Checker
--------------------------------

To check your answers put them in the appropriate box and click the 'Check' button. Every checker box can do arithmetic and calculate standard functions (see [calculator help]({{% getpage "courses/18-05-introduction-to-probability-and-statistics-spring-2014/sections/assignments/calculator-help" %}})). If you give decimal answers, give them to at least 3 decimal places.

As you work you should have pencil and paper handy for calculations and thinking!

Note: some questions ask for a formula. For the checker we ask you to plug a value into the formula. For your pset you still need to give the whole formula.

//DEBUG PARAMETERS //Because we don't show solutions for pset checkers we use //this to give a showanswer button during the debugging phase var debugans = undefined; //release //var debugans = kDebugAnswer; //debug problemNumber = 0; wl("<h3>Calculator</h3>"); writecalculator("psetcheckcalcid", "Calculate"); whr(kdivcol,kdivwid);

//Problem 1 problemNumber++; wl(problemheader(problemNumber)); var s; var partName, problemName, buttonLabel, answerArray, correct; s = \['In these problems we want you to estimate probability intervals for various quantities. This is best described by example.', kp, boldtext('Example.') + ' Give your 50% probability interval for the median family income in Hungary. Do this by specifying the 25% lower bound and the 75% upper bound. Do not look anything up on the internet. Just make your best guess based on what you already know. There is no single correct answer.', kp, boldtext('Answer.') + ' The question asks me to give a lower bound $L$ and an upper bound $U$ so that I think/feel/believe that there is a 25% chance the true value is less than $L$ and a 25% chance the correct vaue is greater than $U$. This leaves a 50% probability the true value is between $L$ and $U$. ', kp, "Well let's see. I seem to recall the median income in the U.S. is about \\\\$50,000. I'll guess that Hungary is quite a bit lower, maybe around \\\\$32000. I'm not all that confident it's not quite a bit lower than that. So my guess is that the 25% lower bound is \\\\$19,000 and the 75% bound is \\\\$40,000."\]; wl(s.join(' ')); wl(kp); s = \["Now it's you're turn. Without looking anything up online give your 25% lower bound and 75% upper bound for each of the following quantities.", kp, "Answers we culled from the internet will be in the solution slides for this class."\]; wl(s.join(' ')); wl(kp); s = "(a) The total number of airline deaths in the last 100 years."; wl(s); wl(kp); s = "25% lower bound."; wl(s); wl(kbr); partName = problemNumber + " (a.i)"; problemName = "prob" + partName; buttonLabel = "Check problem " + partName; writeNumericBox(partName+"id", 500000000, buttonLabel, 500000000, kNoShowAnswer); wl(kp); s = "75% upper bound."; wl(s); wl(kbr); partName = problemNumber + " (a.ii)"; problemName = "prob" + partName; buttonLabel = "Check problem " + partName; writeNumericBox(partName+"id", 500000000, buttonLabel, 500000000, kNoShowAnswer); wl(kp); s = "(b) The number of girls born in the world each year."; wl(s); wl(kp); s = "25% lower bound."; wl(s); wl(kbr); partName = problemNumber + " (b.i)"; problemName = "prob" + partName; buttonLabel = "Check problem " + partName; writeNumericBox(partName+"id", 500000000, buttonLabel, 500000000, kNoShowAnswer); wl(kp); s = "75% upper bound."; wl(s); wl(kbr); partName = problemNumber + " (b.ii)"; problemName = "prob" + partName; buttonLabel = "Check problem " + partName; writeNumericBox(partName+"id", 500000000, buttonLabel, 500000000, kNoShowAnswer); wl(kp); s = "(c) The percentage (between 0 and 100) of African-Americans in the U.S. population"; wl(s); wl(kp); s = "25% lower bound." wl(s); wl(kbr); partName = problemNumber + " (c.i)"; problemName = "prob" + partName; buttonLabel = "Check problem " + partName; writeNumericBox(partName+"id", 50, buttonLabel, 50, kNoShowAnswer); wl(kp); s = "75% upper bound."; wl(s); wl(kbr); partName = problemNumber + " (c.ii)"; problemName = "prob" + partName; buttonLabel = "Check problem " + partName; writeNumericBox(partName+"id", 50, buttonLabel, 50, kNoShowAnswer); wl(kp); s = "(d) The number of French speakers world-wide."; wl(s); wl(kp); s = "25% lower bound."; wl(s); wl(kbr); partName = problemNumber + " (d.i)"; problemName = "prob" + partName; buttonLabel = "Check problem " + partName; writeNumericBox(partName+"id", 500000000, buttonLabel, 500000000, kNoShowAnswer); wl(kp); s = "75% upper bound."; wl(s); wl(kbr); partName = problemNumber + " (d.ii)"; problemName = "prob" + partName; buttonLabel = "Check problem " + partName; writeNumericBox(partName+"id", 500000000, buttonLabel, 500000000, kNoShowAnswer); wl(kp); s = "(e) The number of abortions performed in the U.S. each year."; wl(s); wl(kp); s = "25% lower bound."; wl(s); wl(kbr); partName = problemNumber + " (e.i)"; problemName = "prob" + partName; buttonLabel = "Check problem " + partName; writeNumericBox(partName+"id", 500000000, buttonLabel, 500000000, kNoShowAnswer); wl(kp); s = "75% upper bound."; wl(s); wl(kbr); partName = problemNumber + " (e.ii)"; problemName = "prob" + partName; buttonLabel = "Check problem " + partName; writeNumericBox(partName+"id", 500000000, buttonLabel, 500000000, kNoShowAnswer); wl(kp); whr(kdivcol,kdivwid);