site/content/courses/21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014
course_title: Beethoven to Mahler
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014/2f2be2d8030030bcdee2ebc0424ffa93_21m-250s14.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>This course surveys Romantic musical genres including song, choral music,
  opera, piano sonata, character cycle, concerto,  symphony, and symphonic poem,
  including the composers Beethoven, Schubert, Berlioz, Chopin, Brahms, Wagner,
  Verdi, Tchaikovsky, and Mahler. Written essays and oral presentations are
  based on live performances as well as listening and reading assignments.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Teresa Neff
  departments:
    - Music and Theater Arts
  topics:
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Music
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Music
      speciality: Music History
  course_numbers:
    - 21M.250
  term: Spring 2014
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text. (#96)

site/content/courses/21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014
course_title: Beethoven to Mahler
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014/2f2be2d8030030bcdee2ebc0424ffa93_21m-250s14.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: >-
  A dark figure in a black hood overcomes a swooning young boy riding a white
  horse.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>In German and Scandinavian folklore, the Erlking lurks in the forest
  threatening humans, especially children. Goethe's &quot;Erlkönig&quot; is
  considered one of the greatest ballads every written and was a popular lieder
  text in the classical era. The best known musical setting is by Franz
  Schubert. (&quot;The Erlking&quot; by Albert Sterner, ca. 1910. Image is in
  the public domain. Source: <a
  href="http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Erl_king_sterner.jpg">Wikimedia
  Commons</a>.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>This course surveys Romantic musical genres including song, choral music,
  opera, piano sonata, character cycle, concerto,  symphony, and symphonic poem,
  including the composers Beethoven, Schubert, Berlioz, Chopin, Brahms, Wagner,
  Verdi, Tchaikovsky, and Mahler. Written essays and oral presentations are
  based on live performances as well as listening and reading assignments.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Teresa Neff
  departments:
    - Music and Theater Arts
  topics:
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Music
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Music
      speciality: Music History
  course_numbers:
    - 21M.250
  term: Spring 2014
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  21m-250-beethoven-to-mahler-spring-2014:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
