site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/problem-set-6.md, before:

---
title: Problem Set 6
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: bc72db410b84f2d1a10a6c5a9399e431_problem-set-6
    weight: 140
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-b-second-fundamental-theorem-areas-volumes" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session you will:

*   Do practice problems
*   Use the solutions to check your work

Problem Set
-----------

Use [Integration (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/b2afcc400bbfa669d9eeaca005bdd857_MIT18_01SC_pset3prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3B | Definite integrals | 2a, 2b, 3b, 4a, 5 

Use [Applications of Integration (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/3e92239404881253b589329ff8de0800_MIT18_01SC_pset4prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4J | Other applications | 1 (Set up integral, but don’t evaluate) 

Use [Integration (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/b2afcc400bbfa669d9eeaca005bdd857_MIT18_01SC_pset3prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3C | Fundamental theorem of calculus | 1, 2a, 3a, 5a |
| 3E | Change of variables; Estimating integrals | 6b, 6c 

Use [Applications of Integration (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/3e92239404881253b589329ff8de0800_MIT18_01SC_pset4prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4J | Other applications | 2 

### Solutions

[Solutions to Integration problems (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/a48839fb6b53e634f6d063fd99340380_MIT18_01SC_pset3sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

[Solutions to Applications of Integration problems (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/4a247b0655701dfebcbd4e235c16c726_MIT18_01SC_pset4sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

_This problem set is from exercises and solutions written by David Jerison and Arthur Mattuck._

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-b-second-fundamental-theorem-areas-volumes" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/problem-set-6.md, after:

---
title: Problem Set 6
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: bc72db410b84f2d1a10a6c5a9399e431_problem-set-6
    weight: 140
    parent: >-
      0b76caa8a52837fdba43c151842bb90a_part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-b-second-fundamental-theorem-areas-volumes" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session you will:

*   Do practice problems
*   Use the solutions to check your work

Problem Set
-----------

Use [Integration (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/b2afcc400bbfa669d9eeaca005bdd857_MIT18_01SC_pset3prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3B | Definite integrals | 2a, 2b, 3b, 4a, 5 

Use [Applications of Integration (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/3e92239404881253b589329ff8de0800_MIT18_01SC_pset4prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4J | Other applications | 1 (Set up integral, but don’t evaluate) 

Use [Integration (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/b2afcc400bbfa669d9eeaca005bdd857_MIT18_01SC_pset3prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 3C | Fundamental theorem of calculus | 1, 2a, 3a, 5a |
| 3E | Change of variables; Estimating integrals | 6b, 6c 

Use [Applications of Integration (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/3e92239404881253b589329ff8de0800_MIT18_01SC_pset4prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 4J | Other applications | 2 

### Solutions

[Solutions to Integration problems (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/a48839fb6b53e634f6d063fd99340380_MIT18_01SC_pset3sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

[Solutions to Applications of Integration problems (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/4a247b0655701dfebcbd4e235c16c726_MIT18_01SC_pset4sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

_This problem set is from exercises and solutions written by David Jerison and Arthur Mattuck._

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-b-second-fundamental-theorem-areas-volumes" %}}) »
