site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-46-riemann-sums.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 46: Riemann Sums'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: d5e0c7a6f17252a3c694d627faf12123_session-46-riemann-sums
    weight: 90
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-45-some-easy-integrals" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »

Overview
--------

When we found the area under the graph of y=x^2 we used a Riemann sum. These sums of rectangle areas can easily be translated into integrals by allowing the rectangles to become infinitesimally thin.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Riemann Sum Practice

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/e79beab68e0b64a7b4bd5ae06ee74313_MIT18_01SCF10_ex46prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/4753403f8cb7f8cc48f6e5196c051160_MIT18_01SCF10_ex46sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

Recitation Video
----------------

### Riemann Sum

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Computing the Volume of a Paraboloid

### Diffusion of a Chemical

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-45-some-easy-integrals" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-46-riemann-sums.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 46: Riemann Sums'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: d5e0c7a6f17252a3c694d627faf12123_session-46-riemann-sums
    weight: 90
    parent: >-
      0b76caa8a52837fdba43c151842bb90a_part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-45-some-easy-integrals" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »

Overview
--------

When we found the area under the graph of y=x^2 we used a Riemann sum. These sums of rectangle areas can easily be translated into integrals by allowing the rectangles to become infinitesimally thin.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Riemann Sum Practice

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/e79beab68e0b64a7b4bd5ae06ee74313_MIT18_01SCF10_ex46prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/4753403f8cb7f8cc48f6e5196c051160_MIT18_01SCF10_ex46sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

Recitation Video
----------------

### Riemann Sum

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Computing the Volume of a Paraboloid

### Diffusion of a Chemical

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-45-some-easy-integrals" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »
