site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 49: Applications of the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      bd925f6f8a78fde6be8c709ded2799e9_session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus
    weight: 120
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session we see how definite integrals can be used in estimation, to find upper or lower bounds on an answer. Then we examine how the limits on the definite integral interact with substitutions.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Definite Integral by Substitution

Worked Example
--------------

Integration by Change of Variables

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/8bf9c58094c2838a33e33eced5b6473f_MIT18_01SCF10_ex49prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/4c5b3493101fac5c2cfb7d47deb10514_MIT18_01SCF10_ex49sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 49: Applications of the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      bd925f6f8a78fde6be8c709ded2799e9_session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus
    weight: 120
    parent: >-
      0b76caa8a52837fdba43c151842bb90a_part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session we see how definite integrals can be used in estimation, to find upper or lower bounds on an answer. Then we examine how the limits on the definite integral interact with substitutions.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Definite Integral by Substitution

Worked Example
--------------

Integration by Change of Variables

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/8bf9c58094c2838a33e33eced5b6473f_MIT18_01SCF10_ex49prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/4c5b3493101fac5c2cfb7d47deb10514_MIT18_01SCF10_ex49sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem" %}}) »
