site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-43-definite-integrals.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 43: Definite Integrals'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 5170b79f5b62ed3a4d96b27fc3edc468_session-43-definite-integrals
    weight: 60
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-44-adding-areas-of-rectangles" %}}) »

Overview
--------

We can use antiderivatives to find the area bounded by some vertical line x=a, the graph of a function, the line x=b, and the x-axis. We can prove that this works by dividing that area up into infinitesimally thin rectangles.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integration Intuition

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/e39753c48220e844b2fbf59a6ca3c284_MIT18_01SCF10_ex43prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/e0806c4ce8d4908951eaf15d0f7832cf_MIT18_01SCF10_ex43sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-44-adding-areas-of-rectangles" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-43-definite-integrals.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 43: Definite Integrals'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 5170b79f5b62ed3a4d96b27fc3edc468_session-43-definite-integrals
    weight: 60
    parent: >-
      0b76caa8a52837fdba43c151842bb90a_part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-44-adding-areas-of-rectangles" %}}) »

Overview
--------

We can use antiderivatives to find the area bounded by some vertical line x=a, the graph of a function, the line x=b, and the x-axis. We can prove that this works by dividing that area up into infinitesimally thin rectangles.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integration Intuition

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/e39753c48220e844b2fbf59a6ca3c284_MIT18_01SCF10_ex43prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/e0806c4ce8d4908951eaf15d0f7832cf_MIT18_01SCF10_ex43sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-44-adding-areas-of-rectangles" %}}) »
