site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 50: Combining the Fundamental Theorem and the Mean Value Theorem'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      40dfd7f7252455d1041a5ecfb183cd9f_session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem
    weight: 130
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/problem-set-6" %}}) »

Overview
--------

We've seen how definite integrals and the mean value theorem can be used to prove inequalities. In this session we see that FTC1 renders MVT obsolete and review an exam problem on the MVT.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Estimating ln(5)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/a7bb8a35dacf44c1ae34b89143656f82_MIT18_01SCF10_ex50prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/d57f59c50b7fe8eae95e25e0f64a44d1_MIT18_01SCF10_ex50sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/problem-set-6" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 50: Combining the Fundamental Theorem and the Mean Value Theorem'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      40dfd7f7252455d1041a5ecfb183cd9f_session-50-combining-the-fundamental-theorem-and-the-mean-value-theorem
    weight: 130
    parent: >-
      0b76caa8a52837fdba43c151842bb90a_part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/problem-set-6" %}}) »

Overview
--------

We've seen how definite integrals and the mean value theorem can be used to prove inequalities. In this session we see that FTC1 renders MVT obsolete and review an exam problem on the MVT.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Estimating ln(5)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/a7bb8a35dacf44c1ae34b89143656f82_MIT18_01SCF10_ex50prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/d57f59c50b7fe8eae95e25e0f64a44d1_MIT18_01SCF10_ex50sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/problem-set-6" %}}) »
