site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 48: The Fundamental Theorem of Calculus'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      bdc58167f5508759dd279c33d7d08852_session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus
    weight: 110
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »

Overview
--------

Definite integrals "sum up" infinitesimal changes; one such change is adding the area of an infinitesimal rectangle. Another is traveling an infinitesimal distance forward. In this session we use definite integrals to compute distance traveled over time given a velocity function. We discuss negative integrands and then list a few properties of definite integrals.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integral of sin(x) + cos(x)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/f1fa0c837890f5106d02accbc4b1e610_MIT18_01SCF10_ex48prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/6b761d37d9d217a420ee2be18f8c1887_MIT18_01SCF10_ex48sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 48: The Fundamental Theorem of Calculus'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      bdc58167f5508759dd279c33d7d08852_session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus
    weight: 110
    parent: >-
      0b76caa8a52837fdba43c151842bb90a_part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »

Overview
--------

Definite integrals "sum up" infinitesimal changes; one such change is adding the area of an infinitesimal rectangle. Another is traveling an infinitesimal distance forward. In this session we use definite integrals to compute distance traveled over time given a velocity function. We discuss negative integrands and then list a few properties of definite integrals.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integral of sin(x) + cos(x)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/f1fa0c837890f5106d02accbc4b1e610_MIT18_01SCF10_ex48prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/6b761d37d9d217a420ee2be18f8c1887_MIT18_01SCF10_ex48sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-49-applications-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »
