site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 47: Introduction of the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      49d44d0cd4d7368fb65410f6924c7265_session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus
    weight: 100
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-46-riemann-sums" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session we learn how to use antiderivatives to calculate the value of a definite integral.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Definite Integrals of tan (x)

Worked Example
--------------

Practice With Definite Integrals

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/0d8492c86bd1ec85c635c27381afc54c_MIT18_01SCF10_ex47prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/be1d786d41039998137bfb36f7c7f8ef_MIT18_01SCF10_ex47sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-46-riemann-sums" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 47: Introduction of the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      49d44d0cd4d7368fb65410f6924c7265_session-47-introduction-of-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus
    weight: 100
    parent: >-
      0b76caa8a52837fdba43c151842bb90a_part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-46-riemann-sums" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session we learn how to use antiderivatives to calculate the value of a definite integral.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Definite Integrals of tan (x)

Worked Example
--------------

Practice With Definite Integrals

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/0d8492c86bd1ec85c635c27381afc54c_MIT18_01SCF10_ex47prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/be1d786d41039998137bfb36f7c7f8ef_MIT18_01SCF10_ex47sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-46-riemann-sums" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-48-the-fundamental-theorem-of-calculus" %}}) »
