site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-44-adding-areas-of-rectangles.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 44: Adding Areas of Rectangles'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 9f42b86cbcb7812f84f2846c3d7ce9f5_session-44-adding-areas-of-rectangles
    weight: 70
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-43-definite-integrals" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-45-some-easy-integrals" %}}) »

Overview
--------

By dividing a region up into thinner and thinner rectangles, we can describe its area as a limit of sums of rectangle areas. Even when using summation notation, this process can be time consuming.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Summation Notation Practice

Worked Example
--------------

Summation

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/415b05e2291da2d2a2ebe4250f8544a7_MIT18_01SCF10_ex44prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/0bc1cc1eb12dc56901b80073959a100d_MIT18_01SCF10_ex44sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-43-definite-integrals" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-45-some-easy-integrals" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-44-adding-areas-of-rectangles.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 44: Adding Areas of Rectangles'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 9f42b86cbcb7812f84f2846c3d7ce9f5_session-44-adding-areas-of-rectangles
    weight: 70
    parent: >-
      0b76caa8a52837fdba43c151842bb90a_part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-43-definite-integrals" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-45-some-easy-integrals" %}}) »

Overview
--------

By dividing a region up into thinner and thinner rectangles, we can describe its area as a limit of sums of rectangle areas. Even when using summation notation, this process can be time consuming.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Summation Notation Practice

Worked Example
--------------

Summation

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/415b05e2291da2d2a2ebe4250f8544a7_MIT18_01SCF10_ex44prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/0bc1cc1eb12dc56901b80073959a100d_MIT18_01SCF10_ex44sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-43-definite-integrals" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-a-definition-of-the-definite-integral-and-first-fundamental-theorem/session-45-some-easy-integrals" %}}) »
