site/content/courses/ec-711-d-lab-energy-spring-2011/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: ec-711-d-lab-energy-spring-2011
course_title: 'D-Lab: Energy'
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/ec-711-d-lab-energy-spring-2011/904b1bf01a94f63a980908933b86bfda_ec-711s11.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>D-Lab: Energy offers a hands-on, project-based approach that engages
  students in understanding and addressing the applications of small-scale,
  sustainable energy technology in developing countries where compact, robust,
  low-cost systems for generating power are required. Projects may include
  micro-hydro, solar, or wind turbine generators along with theoretical
  analysis, design, prototype construction, evaluation and implementation.
  Students will have the opportunity both to travel to Nicaragua during spring
  break to identify and implement projects.</p> <p>D-Lab: Energy is part of
  MIT's <a href="http://d-lab.mit.edu/">D-Lab program</a>, which fosters the
  development of appropriate technologies and sustainable solutions within the
  framework of international development.</p><p>This course is an elective
  subject in MIT&rsquo;s undergraduate  <a
  href="http://mitei.mit.edu/education/energy-minor/">Energy Studies Minor</a>.
  This Institute-wide program complements the deep  expertise obtained in any
  major with a broad understanding of the  interlinked realms of science,
  technology, and social sciences as they  relate to energy and associated
  environmental challenges.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Amy Banzaert
    - Prof. Amit Gandhi
  departments:
    - Edgerton Center
  topics:
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Electrical Engineering
      speciality: Electric Power
    - topic: Society
      subtopic: The Developing World
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Earth Science
      speciality: Sustainability
    - topic: Energy
  course_numbers:
    - EC.711
  term: Spring 2011
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  ec-711-d-lab-energy-spring-2011:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/ec-711-d-lab-energy-spring-2011/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: ec-711-d-lab-energy-spring-2011
course_title: 'D-Lab: Energy'
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/ec-711-d-lab-energy-spring-2011/904b1bf01a94f63a980908933b86bfda_ec-711s11.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: >-
  Photo of a student standing outdoors next to a box containing cookies, with
  clear plexiglass top and a large foil solar reflector.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>During the <a href="./resolveuid/fb9d6e56eac497fb24b46d3ac31a62da">spring
  break trip</a> to Nicaragua, students worked with community partners on
  various projects like a solar oven, shown here baking sugar cookies. (Photo
  courtesy of <a href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/d-lab/5576006598">D-Lab</a>
  on Flickr.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>D-Lab: Energy offers a hands-on, project-based approach that engages
  students in understanding and addressing the applications of small-scale,
  sustainable energy technology in developing countries where compact, robust,
  low-cost systems for generating power are required. Projects may include
  micro-hydro, solar, or wind turbine generators along with theoretical
  analysis, design, prototype construction, evaluation and implementation.
  Students will have the opportunity both to travel to Nicaragua during spring
  break to identify and implement projects.</p> <p>D-Lab: Energy is part of
  MIT's <a href="http://d-lab.mit.edu/">D-Lab program</a>, which fosters the
  development of appropriate technologies and sustainable solutions within the
  framework of international development.</p><p>This course is an elective
  subject in MIT&rsquo;s undergraduate  <a
  href="http://mitei.mit.edu/education/energy-minor/">Energy Studies Minor</a>.
  This Institute-wide program complements the deep  expertise obtained in any
  major with a broad understanding of the  interlinked realms of science,
  technology, and social sciences as they  relate to energy and associated
  environmental challenges.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Amy Banzaert
    - Prof. Amit Gandhi
  departments:
    - Edgerton Center
  topics:
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Electrical Engineering
      speciality: Electric Power
    - topic: Society
      subtopic: The Developing World
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Earth Science
      speciality: Sustainability
    - topic: Energy
  course_numbers:
    - EC.711
  term: Spring 2011
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  ec-711-d-lab-energy-spring-2011:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
