site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-515.md, before:

---
title: '7.2 Visualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: afc1a35a1de0dfbe71d46f725359bcfc_quick-question-515
    weight: 190
---
*   [<Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.1Video 1: The Power of Visualizations]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [7.2.3Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [7.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})
*   [7.2.5Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-515" %}})
*   [7.2.7Video 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-526" %}})
*   [7.2.9Video 5: Advanced Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-5-advanced-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-531" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In this quick question, we'll be asking you questions about the following three plots, that we saw in Video 1. We'll refer to them as the "Scatterplot", the "Histogram", and the "US Map".

**The Scatterplot:**

![Scatterplot from Video 1, Slide 3](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/2dfcddaf915538a51d3028359bbd2fcb_Scatterplot_Week7.jpg)

**The Histogram:**

![Histogram from Video 1, Slide 7](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/2d2061176d857ff3a33d60d7c1fafd9c_Histogram_Week7.jpg)

**The US Map:**

![US Map from Video 1, Slide 8](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/2e9e352fb3c5db802e8d74e83b053498_USmap_Week7.jpg)

In the Scatterplot, what are the geometric objects?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Bars&nbsp;

&nbsp;Points&nbsp;

&nbsp;Lines&nbsp;

&nbsp;Polygons&nbsp;

&nbsp;Boxes&nbsp;

In the Histogram, what are the geometric objects?

Exercise 2

&nbsp;Bars&nbsp;

&nbsp;Points&nbsp;

&nbsp;Lines&nbsp;

&nbsp;Polygons&nbsp;

&nbsp;Boxes&nbsp;

In the US Map, what are the geometric objects?

Exercise 3

&nbsp;Bars&nbsp;

&nbsp;Points&nbsp;

&nbsp;Lines&nbsp;

&nbsp;Polygons&nbsp;

&nbsp;Boxes&nbsp;

All three of these plots defined a particular aesthetic property. What is it?

Exercise 4

&nbsp;The x-axis label.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The y-axis label.&nbsp;

&nbsp;Different shapes for different types of observations.&nbsp;

&nbsp;Colors.&nbsp;

&nbsp;A legend.&nbsp;

Explanation

The geometric objects for the Scatterplot are points, for the Histogram are bars, and for the US Map are polygons (the States). All three plots defined colors in the plot.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-515.md, after:

---
title: '7.2 Visualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: afc1a35a1de0dfbe71d46f725359bcfc_quick-question-515
    weight: 190
    parent: >-
      274ac6b9daf6cd65874ec643ab327953_visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization
---
*   [<Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.1Video 1: The Power of Visualizations]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [7.2.3Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [7.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})
*   [7.2.5Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-515" %}})
*   [7.2.7Video 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-526" %}})
*   [7.2.9Video 5: Advanced Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-5-advanced-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-531" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In this quick question, we'll be asking you questions about the following three plots, that we saw in Video 1. We'll refer to them as the "Scatterplot", the "Histogram", and the "US Map".

**The Scatterplot:**

![Scatterplot from Video 1, Slide 3](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/2dfcddaf915538a51d3028359bbd2fcb_Scatterplot_Week7.jpg)

**The Histogram:**

![Histogram from Video 1, Slide 7](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/2d2061176d857ff3a33d60d7c1fafd9c_Histogram_Week7.jpg)

**The US Map:**

![US Map from Video 1, Slide 8](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/2e9e352fb3c5db802e8d74e83b053498_USmap_Week7.jpg)

In the Scatterplot, what are the geometric objects?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Bars&nbsp;

&nbsp;Points&nbsp;

&nbsp;Lines&nbsp;

&nbsp;Polygons&nbsp;

&nbsp;Boxes&nbsp;

In the Histogram, what are the geometric objects?

Exercise 2

&nbsp;Bars&nbsp;

&nbsp;Points&nbsp;

&nbsp;Lines&nbsp;

&nbsp;Polygons&nbsp;

&nbsp;Boxes&nbsp;

In the US Map, what are the geometric objects?

Exercise 3

&nbsp;Bars&nbsp;

&nbsp;Points&nbsp;

&nbsp;Lines&nbsp;

&nbsp;Polygons&nbsp;

&nbsp;Boxes&nbsp;

All three of these plots defined a particular aesthetic property. What is it?

Exercise 4

&nbsp;The x-axis label.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The y-axis label.&nbsp;

&nbsp;Different shapes for different types of observations.&nbsp;

&nbsp;Colors.&nbsp;

&nbsp;A legend.&nbsp;

Explanation

The geometric objects for the Scatterplot are points, for the Histogram are bars, and for the US Map are polygons (the States). All three plots defined colors in the plot.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
