site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505.md, before:

---
title: '7.2 Visualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: dc9db678f1283a5e3783460ede434049_quick-question-505
    weight: 150
---
*   [<Visualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.1Video 1: The Power of Visualizations]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [7.2.3Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [7.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})
*   [7.2.5Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-515" %}})
*   [7.2.7Video 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-526" %}})
*   [7.2.9Video 5: Advanced Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-5-advanced-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-531" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Normally, a scatterplot only allows us to visualize two dimensions - one on the x-axis, and one on the y-axis. In the previous video we were able to show a third dimension on the scatterplot using what attribute?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Color&nbsp;

&nbsp;Shape&nbsp;

&nbsp;Location&nbsp;

Explanation

On slide 3, we show the scatterplot from slide 2, but with the number of cylinders shown by the color of the points. This allows us to visualize a third dimension of our data.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVisualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505.md, after:

---
title: '7.2 Visualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: dc9db678f1283a5e3783460ede434049_quick-question-505
    weight: 150
    parent: >-
      274ac6b9daf6cd65874ec643ab327953_visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization
---
*   [<Visualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.1Video 1: The Power of Visualizations]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [7.2.3Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [7.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})
*   [7.2.5Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-515" %}})
*   [7.2.7Video 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-526" %}})
*   [7.2.9Video 5: Advanced Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-5-advanced-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-531" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Normally, a scatterplot only allows us to visualize two dimensions - one on the x-axis, and one on the y-axis. In the previous video we were able to show a third dimension on the scatterplot using what attribute?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Color&nbsp;

&nbsp;Shape&nbsp;

&nbsp;Location&nbsp;

Explanation

On slide 3, we show the scatterplot from slide 2, but with the number of cylinders shown by the color of the points. This allows us to visualize a third dimension of our data.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVisualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
