site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510.md, before:

---
title: '7.2 Visualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: ad37df74c536e3bf54d8546ea7d3b482_quick-question-510
    weight: 170
---
*   [<Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [7.2.1Video 1: The Power of Visualizations]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [7.2.3Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [7.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})
*   [7.2.5Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-515" %}})
*   [7.2.7Video 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-526" %}})
*   [7.2.9Video 5: Advanced Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-5-advanced-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-531" %}})
*   [\\>Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Why is it particularly helpful for WHO to provide data visualizations? Select all that apply.

Exercise 1

&nbsp;There is no other way to display information shown in visualizations like the Energy Consumption one.&nbsp;

&nbsp;When communicating information to the general public, a visualization like the Energy Consumption one is much easier to absorb than a table of numbers would be.&nbsp;

&nbsp;Visualizations can easily be used by policymakers and others who wish to present data from WHO.&nbsp;

Explanation

While there are other ways to display the data given in many visualizations (like tables), visualizations help to better communicate data to the public and can easily be used by others in presentations.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510.md, after:

---
title: '7.2 Visualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: ad37df74c536e3bf54d8546ea7d3b482_quick-question-510
    weight: 170
    parent: >-
      274ac6b9daf6cd65874ec643ab327953_visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization
---
*   [<Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [7.2.1Video 1: The Power of Visualizations]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [7.2.3Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [7.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})
*   [7.2.5Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-515" %}})
*   [7.2.7Video 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-526" %}})
*   [7.2.9Video 5: Advanced Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-5-advanced-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-531" %}})
*   [\\>Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Why is it particularly helpful for WHO to provide data visualizations? Select all that apply.

Exercise 1

&nbsp;There is no other way to display information shown in visualizations like the Energy Consumption one.&nbsp;

&nbsp;When communicating information to the general public, a visualization like the Energy Consumption one is much easier to absorb than a table of numbers would be.&nbsp;

&nbsp;Visualizations can easily be used by policymakers and others who wish to present data from WHO.&nbsp;

Explanation

While there are other ways to display the data given in many visualizations (like tables), visualizations help to better communicate data to the public and can easily be used by others in presentations.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
