site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who.md, before:

---
title: '7.2 Visualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: c0e12457eea57533f2df4a7f420a5b38_video-2-the-world-health-organization-who
    weight: 160
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [7.2.1Video 1: The Power of Visualizations]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [7.2.3Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [7.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})
*   [7.2.5Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-515" %}})
*   [7.2.7Video 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-526" %}})
*   [7.2.9Video 5: Advanced Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-5-advanced-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-531" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})

Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)
--------------------------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who.md, after:

---
title: '7.2 Visualizing the World: An Introduction to Visualization'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: c0e12457eea57533f2df4a7f420a5b38_video-2-the-world-health-organization-who
    weight: 160
    parent: >-
      274ac6b9daf6cd65874ec643ab327953_visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [7.2.1Video 1: The Power of Visualizations]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [7.2.3Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-2-the-world-health-organization-who" %}})
*   [7.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})
*   [7.2.5Video 3: What is Data Visualization?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-3-what-is-data-visualization" %}})
*   [7.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-515" %}})
*   [7.2.7Video 4: Basic Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-4-basic-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-526" %}})
*   [7.2.9Video 5: Advanced Scatterplots Using ggplot]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/video-5-advanced-scatterplots-using-ggplot" %}})
*   [7.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-531" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})

Video 2: The World Health Organization (WHO)
--------------------------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-505" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/visualizing-the-world-an-introduction-to-visualization/quick-question-510" %}})
