site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question.md, before:

---
title: '1.3 Working with Data: An Introduction to R '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: bf6bcab766283cc7a5f56768b7d94d98_quick-question
    weight: 110
---
*   [<Video 1: Why R?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r" %}})
*   [1.3.1Download and Install R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r" %}})
*   [1.3.2Video 1: Why R?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r" %}})
*   [1.3.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question" %}})
*   [1.3.4Video 2: Getting Started in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-2-getting-started-in-r" %}})
*   [1.3.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-4" %}})
*   [1.3.6Video 3: Vectors and Data Frames]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-3-vectors-and-data-frames" %}})
*   [1.3.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-9" %}})
*   [1.3.8Video 4: Loading Data Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-4-loading-data-files" %}})
*   [1.3.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-20" %}})
*   [1.3.10Video 5: Data Analysis - Summary Statistics and Scatterplots]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-5-data-analysis-summary-statistics-and-scatterplots" %}})
*   [1.3.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-28" %}})
*   [1.3.12Video 6: Data Analysis - Plots and Summary Tables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-6-data-analysis-plots-and-summary-tables" %}})
*   [1.3.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-40" %}})
*   [1.3.14Video 7: Saving with Script Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-7-saving-with-script-files" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Getting Started in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-2-getting-started-in-r" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

At which university was the first version of R developed?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;MIT&nbsp;

&nbsp;University of Auckland&nbsp;

&nbsp;Stanford University&nbsp;

&nbsp;Oxford University&nbsp;

Explanation

The first version of R was developed by Robert Gentleman and Ross Ihaka at the University of Auckland in the mid-1990s.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 1: Why R?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Getting Started in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-2-getting-started-in-r" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question.md, after:

---
title: '1.3 Working with Data: An Introduction to R '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: bf6bcab766283cc7a5f56768b7d94d98_quick-question
    weight: 110
    parent: 1ac933da13d13dfa2e3803abf2d6971f_working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r
---
*   [<Video 1: Why R?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r" %}})
*   [1.3.1Download and Install R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r" %}})
*   [1.3.2Video 1: Why R?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r" %}})
*   [1.3.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question" %}})
*   [1.3.4Video 2: Getting Started in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-2-getting-started-in-r" %}})
*   [1.3.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-4" %}})
*   [1.3.6Video 3: Vectors and Data Frames]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-3-vectors-and-data-frames" %}})
*   [1.3.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-9" %}})
*   [1.3.8Video 4: Loading Data Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-4-loading-data-files" %}})
*   [1.3.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-20" %}})
*   [1.3.10Video 5: Data Analysis - Summary Statistics and Scatterplots]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-5-data-analysis-summary-statistics-and-scatterplots" %}})
*   [1.3.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-28" %}})
*   [1.3.12Video 6: Data Analysis - Plots and Summary Tables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-6-data-analysis-plots-and-summary-tables" %}})
*   [1.3.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-40" %}})
*   [1.3.14Video 7: Saving with Script Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-7-saving-with-script-files" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Getting Started in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-2-getting-started-in-r" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

At which university was the first version of R developed?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;MIT&nbsp;

&nbsp;University of Auckland&nbsp;

&nbsp;Stanford University&nbsp;

&nbsp;Oxford University&nbsp;

Explanation

The first version of R was developed by Robert Gentleman and Ross Ihaka at the University of Auckland in the mid-1990s.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 1: Why R?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Getting Started in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-2-getting-started-in-r" %}})
