site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-9.md, before:

---
title: '1.3 Working with Data: An Introduction to R '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 49c8f31e6b0499eb8a48b542d04cf7bc_quick-question-9
    weight: 150
---
*   [<Video 3: Vectors and Data Frames]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-3-vectors-and-data-frames" %}})
*   [1.3.1Download and Install R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r" %}})
*   [1.3.2Video 1: Why R?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r" %}})
*   [1.3.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question" %}})
*   [1.3.4Video 2: Getting Started in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-2-getting-started-in-r" %}})
*   [1.3.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-4" %}})
*   [1.3.6Video 3: Vectors and Data Frames]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-3-vectors-and-data-frames" %}})
*   [1.3.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-9" %}})
*   [1.3.8Video 4: Loading Data Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-4-loading-data-files" %}})
*   [1.3.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-20" %}})
*   [1.3.10Video 5: Data Analysis - Summary Statistics and Scatterplots]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-5-data-analysis-summary-statistics-and-scatterplots" %}})
*   [1.3.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-28" %}})
*   [1.3.12Video 6: Data Analysis - Plots and Summary Tables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-6-data-analysis-plots-and-summary-tables" %}})
*   [1.3.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-40" %}})
*   [1.3.14Video 7: Saving with Script Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-7-saving-with-script-files" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: Loading Data Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-4-loading-data-files" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

If you want to add new observations to a data frame, what should you use?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;The data.frame function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The rbind function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The dollar sign notation.&nbsp;

Explanation

To add new observations to a data frame with the same variable values, you should use rbind.

If you want to combine two vectors into a data frame, what should you use?

Exercise 2

&nbsp;The data.frame function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The rbind function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The dollar sign notation.&nbsp;

Explanation

To combine two vectors into a data frame, you should use data.frame.

If you want to add a variable to your data frame, what should you use?

Exercise 3

&nbsp;The data.frame function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The rbind function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The dollar sign notation.&nbsp;

Explanation

To add a variable to your data frame, you should the dollar sign notation.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: Vectors and Data Frames]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-3-vectors-and-data-frames" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: Loading Data Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-4-loading-data-files" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-9.md, after:

---
title: '1.3 Working with Data: An Introduction to R '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 49c8f31e6b0499eb8a48b542d04cf7bc_quick-question-9
    weight: 150
    parent: 1ac933da13d13dfa2e3803abf2d6971f_working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r
---
*   [<Video 3: Vectors and Data Frames]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-3-vectors-and-data-frames" %}})
*   [1.3.1Download and Install R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r" %}})
*   [1.3.2Video 1: Why R?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r" %}})
*   [1.3.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question" %}})
*   [1.3.4Video 2: Getting Started in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-2-getting-started-in-r" %}})
*   [1.3.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-4" %}})
*   [1.3.6Video 3: Vectors and Data Frames]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-3-vectors-and-data-frames" %}})
*   [1.3.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-9" %}})
*   [1.3.8Video 4: Loading Data Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-4-loading-data-files" %}})
*   [1.3.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-20" %}})
*   [1.3.10Video 5: Data Analysis - Summary Statistics and Scatterplots]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-5-data-analysis-summary-statistics-and-scatterplots" %}})
*   [1.3.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-28" %}})
*   [1.3.12Video 6: Data Analysis - Plots and Summary Tables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-6-data-analysis-plots-and-summary-tables" %}})
*   [1.3.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-40" %}})
*   [1.3.14Video 7: Saving with Script Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-7-saving-with-script-files" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: Loading Data Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-4-loading-data-files" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

If you want to add new observations to a data frame, what should you use?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;The data.frame function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The rbind function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The dollar sign notation.&nbsp;

Explanation

To add new observations to a data frame with the same variable values, you should use rbind.

If you want to combine two vectors into a data frame, what should you use?

Exercise 2

&nbsp;The data.frame function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The rbind function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The dollar sign notation.&nbsp;

Explanation

To combine two vectors into a data frame, you should use data.frame.

If you want to add a variable to your data frame, what should you use?

Exercise 3

&nbsp;The data.frame function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The rbind function.&nbsp;

&nbsp;The dollar sign notation.&nbsp;

Explanation

To add a variable to your data frame, you should the dollar sign notation.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: Vectors and Data Frames]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-3-vectors-and-data-frames" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: Loading Data Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-4-loading-data-files" %}})
