site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r.md, before:

---
title: '1.3 Working with Data: An Introduction to R '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 147b0a1bf22a4f9b0fd1d3a28f92f6da_video-1-why-r
    weight: 100
---
*   [<Working with Data: An Introduction to R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r" %}})
*   [1.3.1Download and Install R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r" %}})
*   [1.3.2Video 1: Why R?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r" %}})
*   [1.3.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question" %}})
*   [1.3.4Video 2: Getting Started in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-2-getting-started-in-r" %}})
*   [1.3.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-4" %}})
*   [1.3.6Video 3: Vectors and Data Frames]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-3-vectors-and-data-frames" %}})
*   [1.3.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-9" %}})
*   [1.3.8Video 4: Loading Data Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-4-loading-data-files" %}})
*   [1.3.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-20" %}})
*   [1.3.10Video 5: Data Analysis - Summary Statistics and Scatterplots]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-5-data-analysis-summary-statistics-and-scatterplots" %}})
*   [1.3.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-28" %}})
*   [1.3.12Video 6: Data Analysis - Plots and Summary Tables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-6-data-analysis-plots-and-summary-tables" %}})
*   [1.3.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-40" %}})
*   [1.3.14Video 7: Saving with Script Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-7-saving-with-script-files" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question" %}})

Video 1: Why R?
---------------

The slides from all videos in this Lecture Sequence can be downloaded here: [Introduction to the R Programming Language (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/95e1dea61a0c566e8b1fe4ab6b1309ff_MIT15_071S17_Unit1_IntroductionR.pdf).

*   [BackWorking with Data: An Introduction to R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r.md, after:

---
title: '1.3 Working with Data: An Introduction to R '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 147b0a1bf22a4f9b0fd1d3a28f92f6da_video-1-why-r
    weight: 100
    parent: 1ac933da13d13dfa2e3803abf2d6971f_working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r
---
*   [<Working with Data: An Introduction to R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r" %}})
*   [1.3.1Download and Install R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r" %}})
*   [1.3.2Video 1: Why R?]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-1-why-r" %}})
*   [1.3.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question" %}})
*   [1.3.4Video 2: Getting Started in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-2-getting-started-in-r" %}})
*   [1.3.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-4" %}})
*   [1.3.6Video 3: Vectors and Data Frames]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-3-vectors-and-data-frames" %}})
*   [1.3.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-9" %}})
*   [1.3.8Video 4: Loading Data Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-4-loading-data-files" %}})
*   [1.3.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-20" %}})
*   [1.3.10Video 5: Data Analysis - Summary Statistics and Scatterplots]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-5-data-analysis-summary-statistics-and-scatterplots" %}})
*   [1.3.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-28" %}})
*   [1.3.12Video 6: Data Analysis - Plots and Summary Tables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-6-data-analysis-plots-and-summary-tables" %}})
*   [1.3.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question-40" %}})
*   [1.3.14Video 7: Saving with Script Files]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/video-7-saving-with-script-files" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question" %}})

Video 1: Why R?
---------------

The slides from all videos in this Lecture Sequence can be downloaded here: [Introduction to the R Programming Language (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/95e1dea61a0c566e8b1fe4ab6b1309ff_MIT15_071S17_Unit1_IntroductionR.pdf).

*   [BackWorking with Data: An Introduction to R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/working-with-data-an-introduction-to-r/quick-question" %}})
