site/content/courses/5-111sc-principles-of-chemical-science-fall-2014/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 5-111sc-principles-of-chemical-science-fall-2014
course_title: Principles of Chemical Science
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/5-111sc-principles-of-chemical-science-fall-2014/afc26c2e5de67efafa76680f079d1254_5-111scf14.jpg
course_description: "<p>This course provides an introduction to the chemistry of biological, inorganic, and organic molecules. The emphasis is on basic principles of atomic and molecular electronic structure, thermodynamics, acid-base and redox equilibria, chemical kinetics, and catalysis. One year of high school chemistry is the expected background for this freshman-level course.</p>\r\n<p>The aims include developing a unified and intuitive view of how electronic structure controls the three-dimensional shape of molecules, the physical and chemical properties of molecules in gases, liquids and solids, and ultimately the assembly of macromolecules as in polymers and DNA. Relationships between chemistry and other fundamental sciences such as biology and physics are emphasized, as are the relationships between the science of chemistry to its applications in environmental science, atmospheric chemistry and electronic devices.&nbsp;</p>\r\n<p><a href=\"./resolveuid/5089c39352dc3641930e0a0402373e96\"><img style=\"float: right; margin: 0 0 5px 15px;\" src=\"/images/button_start.png\" alt=\"Click to get started.\" /></a></p>\r\n<h3>Acknowledgements</h3>\r\n<p>Professor Drennan would like to acknowledge the contributions of MIT Lecturer Dr. Elizabeth Vogel Taylor, Professor Sylvia Ceyer, and Professor Robert Silbey to the development of this course and its materials.</p>"
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Catherine Drennan
  departments:
    - Chemistry
  topics:
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Chemistry
      speciality: Inorganic Chemistry
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Chemistry
      speciality: Organic Chemistry
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Chemistry
      speciality: Physical Chemistry
  course_numbers:
    - '5.111'
  term: Fall 2014
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  5-111sc-principles-of-chemical-science-fall-2014:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/5-111sc-principles-of-chemical-science-fall-2014/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 5-111sc-principles-of-chemical-science-fall-2014
course_title: Principles of Chemical Science
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/5-111sc-principles-of-chemical-science-fall-2014/afc26c2e5de67efafa76680f079d1254_5-111scf14.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: >-
  Photograph of Professor Drennan and abstract drawings of chemical formulas and
  symbols.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>The WHO, the WHAT, and the WHY of chemistry. (Adapted from a figure by Mary
  O'Reilly. O'Reilly Science Art, LLC. Photograph by James Kegley.)</p>
course_description: "<p>This course provides an introduction to the chemistry of biological, inorganic, and organic molecules. The emphasis is on basic principles of atomic and molecular electronic structure, thermodynamics, acid-base and redox equilibria, chemical kinetics, and catalysis. One year of high school chemistry is the expected background for this freshman-level course.</p>\r\n<p>The aims include developing a unified and intuitive view of how electronic structure controls the three-dimensional shape of molecules, the physical and chemical properties of molecules in gases, liquids and solids, and ultimately the assembly of macromolecules as in polymers and DNA. Relationships between chemistry and other fundamental sciences such as biology and physics are emphasized, as are the relationships between the science of chemistry to its applications in environmental science, atmospheric chemistry and electronic devices.&nbsp;</p>\r\n<p><a href=\"./resolveuid/5089c39352dc3641930e0a0402373e96\"><img style=\"float: right; margin: 0 0 5px 15px;\" src=\"/images/button_start.png\" alt=\"Click to get started.\" /></a></p>\r\n<h3>Acknowledgements</h3>\r\n<p>Professor Drennan would like to acknowledge the contributions of MIT Lecturer Dr. Elizabeth Vogel Taylor, Professor Sylvia Ceyer, and Professor Robert Silbey to the development of this course and its materials.</p>"
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Catherine Drennan
  departments:
    - Chemistry
  topics:
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Chemistry
      speciality: Inorganic Chemistry
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Chemistry
      speciality: Organic Chemistry
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Chemistry
      speciality: Physical Chemistry
  course_numbers:
    - '5.111'
  term: Fall 2014
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  5-111sc-principles-of-chemical-science-fall-2014:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
