site/content/courses/res-2-005-girls-who-build-make-your-own-wearables-workshop-spring-2015/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: res-2-005-girls-who-build-make-your-own-wearables-workshop-spring-2015
course_title: 'Girls Who Build: Make Your Own Wearables Workshop'
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>The Girls Who Build: Make Your Own Wearables workshop for high school girls
  is an introduction to computer science, electrical and mechanical engineering
  through wearable technology. The workshop, developed by MIT Lincoln
  Laboratory, consists of two major hands-on projects in manufacturing and
  wearable electronics. These include 3D printing jewelry and laser cutting a
  purse, as well as programming LEDs to light up when walking. Participants
  learn the design process, 3D computer modeling, and machine shop tools, in
  addition to writing code and building a circuit.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. David Scott
    - Prof. Leslie Watkins
    - Prof. Kristen Railey
    - Prof. Elisabeth Astle
    - Prof. Gavin Lund
    - Prof. Katy Olesnavage
    - Prof. Mike Gibson
  departments:
    - Supplemental Resources
  topics:
    - topic: Engineering
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Mechanical Engineering
    - topic: Teaching and Education
      subtopic: Curriculum and Teaching
  course_numbers:
    - RES.2-005
  term: Spring 2015
  level: Non Credit
menu:
  res-2-005-girls-who-build-make-your-own-wearables-workshop-spring-2015:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/res-2-005-girls-who-build-make-your-own-wearables-workshop-spring-2015/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: res-2-005-girls-who-build-make-your-own-wearables-workshop-spring-2015
course_title: 'Girls Who Build: Make Your Own Wearables Workshop'
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: A girl holds up a boot that she is adding lights to.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>Girls programmed their own light-up shoes as part of the Girls Who Build
  workshop. (Photograph courtesy of Jon Barron, MIT Lincoln Laboratory.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>The Girls Who Build: Make Your Own Wearables workshop for high school girls
  is an introduction to computer science, electrical and mechanical engineering
  through wearable technology. The workshop, developed by MIT Lincoln
  Laboratory, consists of two major hands-on projects in manufacturing and
  wearable electronics. These include 3D printing jewelry and laser cutting a
  purse, as well as programming LEDs to light up when walking. Participants
  learn the design process, 3D computer modeling, and machine shop tools, in
  addition to writing code and building a circuit.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. David Scott
    - Prof. Leslie Watkins
    - Prof. Kristen Railey
    - Prof. Elisabeth Astle
    - Prof. Gavin Lund
    - Prof. Katy Olesnavage
    - Prof. Mike Gibson
  departments:
    - Supplemental Resources
  topics:
    - topic: Engineering
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Mechanical Engineering
    - topic: Teaching and Education
      subtopic: Curriculum and Teaching
  course_numbers:
    - RES.2-005
  term: Spring 2015
  level: Non Credit
menu:
  res-2-005-girls-who-build-make-your-own-wearables-workshop-spring-2015:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
