site/content/courses/8-591j-systems-biology-fall-2014/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 8-591j-systems-biology-fall-2014
course_title: Systems Biology
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-591j-systems-biology-fall-2014/5a4e655e52f45f37185ad3d45fa4e667_8-591jf14.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>This course provides an introduction to cellular and population-level
  systems biology with an emphasis on synthetic biology, modeling of genetic
  networks, cell-cell interactions, and evolutionary dynamics. Cellular systems
  include genetic switches and oscillators, network motifs, genetic network
  evolution, and cellular decision-making. Population-level systems include
  models of pattern formation, cell-cell communication, and evolutionary systems
  biology.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Jeff Gore
  departments:
    - Physics
    - Biology
  topics:
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Physics
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Biology
      speciality: Computation and Systems Biology
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Biological Engineering
      speciality: Synthetic Biology
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Biology
      speciality: Cell Biology
  course_numbers:
    - '8.591'
    - 7.81J
    - '7.32'
  term: Fall 2014
  level: Graduate
menu:
  8-591j-systems-biology-fall-2014:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/8-591j-systems-biology-fall-2014/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 8-591j-systems-biology-fall-2014
course_title: Systems Biology
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-591j-systems-biology-fall-2014/5a4e655e52f45f37185ad3d45fa4e667_8-591jf14.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: >-
  A neutrophil, shown as a large irregularly-shaped blue-gray cell, wrapping
  around pink oval-shaped Klebsiella pneumoniae bacteria.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>A neutrophil (a type of white blood cell, shown in blue-gray) interacting
  with <em>Klebsiella pneumoniae</em> bacteria (shown in pink). This is one
  example of the types of functions that Systems Biology seeks to understand and
  describe. Watch <a
  href="./resolveuid/2d56d1e569c77968d0077c6c6f1d4ffc">Lecture 1</a> to see a
  video of a neutrophil chasing and engulfing a bacterium. (Image by <a
  href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/54591706@N02/13743456084/">NIAID</a>, <a
  href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0/">CC-BY</a>.)</p><p>&nbsp;</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>This course provides an introduction to cellular and population-level
  systems biology with an emphasis on synthetic biology, modeling of genetic
  networks, cell-cell interactions, and evolutionary dynamics. Cellular systems
  include genetic switches and oscillators, network motifs, genetic network
  evolution, and cellular decision-making. Population-level systems include
  models of pattern formation, cell-cell communication, and evolutionary systems
  biology.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Jeff Gore
  departments:
    - Physics
    - Biology
  topics:
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Physics
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Biology
      speciality: Computation and Systems Biology
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Biological Engineering
      speciality: Synthetic Biology
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Biology
      speciality: Cell Biology
  course_numbers:
    - '8.591'
    - 7.81J
    - '7.32'
  term: Fall 2014
  level: Graduate
menu:
  8-591j-systems-biology-fall-2014:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
