site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-311.md, before:

---
title: '4.3 Keeping an Eye on Healthcare Costs: The D2Hawkeye Story '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: b553ee70b40ede789660c10e2ec8c8fd_quick-question-311
    weight: 130
---
*   [<Keeping an Eye on Healthcare Costs: The D2Hawkeye Story]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story" %}})
*   [4.3.1Video 1: The Story of D2Hawkeye]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story" %}})
*   [4.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-311" %}})
*   [4.3.3Video 2: Claims Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-2-claims-data" %}})
*   [4.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-316" %}})
*   [4.3.5Video 3: The Variables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-3-the-variables" %}})
*   [4.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-321" %}})
*   [4.3.7Video 4: Error Measures]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-4-error-measures" %}})
*   [4.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-326" %}})
*   [4.3.9Video 5: CART to Predict Cost]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-5-cart-to-predict-cost" %}})
*   [4.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337" %}})
*   [4.3.11Video 6: Claims Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-342" %}})
*   [4.3.13Video 7: Baseline Method and Penalty Matrix]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-7-baseline-method-and-penalty-matrix" %}})
*   [4.3.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-349" %}})
*   [4.3.15Video 8: Predicting Healthcare Cost in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-8-predicting-healthcare-cost-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.16Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-357" %}})
*   [4.3.17Video 9: Results]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-9-results" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Claims Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-2-claims-data" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In what ways do you think an analytics approach to predicting healthcare cost will improve upon the previous approach of human judgment? Select all that apply.

Exercise 1

&nbsp;It will allow D2Hawkeye to analyze millions of patients.&nbsp;

&nbsp;It will allow D2Hawkeye to make predictions faster than doctors can.&nbsp;

&nbsp;It will allow D2Hawkeye use all available data (millions of cases) to make decisions.&nbsp;

Explanation

All of the above are correct. There are many advantages to having an analytics approach to predict cost. However, it is important that the models are interpretable, so trees are a great model to use in this situation.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackKeeping an Eye on Healthcare Costs: The D2Hawkeye Story]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Claims Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-2-claims-data" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-311.md, after:

---
title: '4.3 Keeping an Eye on Healthcare Costs: The D2Hawkeye Story '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: b553ee70b40ede789660c10e2ec8c8fd_quick-question-311
    weight: 130
    parent: >-
      52a221ddc01190a445b1a393b15cb810_keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story
---
*   [<Keeping an Eye on Healthcare Costs: The D2Hawkeye Story]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story" %}})
*   [4.3.1Video 1: The Story of D2Hawkeye]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story" %}})
*   [4.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-311" %}})
*   [4.3.3Video 2: Claims Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-2-claims-data" %}})
*   [4.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-316" %}})
*   [4.3.5Video 3: The Variables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-3-the-variables" %}})
*   [4.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-321" %}})
*   [4.3.7Video 4: Error Measures]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-4-error-measures" %}})
*   [4.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-326" %}})
*   [4.3.9Video 5: CART to Predict Cost]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-5-cart-to-predict-cost" %}})
*   [4.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337" %}})
*   [4.3.11Video 6: Claims Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-342" %}})
*   [4.3.13Video 7: Baseline Method and Penalty Matrix]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-7-baseline-method-and-penalty-matrix" %}})
*   [4.3.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-349" %}})
*   [4.3.15Video 8: Predicting Healthcare Cost in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-8-predicting-healthcare-cost-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.16Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-357" %}})
*   [4.3.17Video 9: Results]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-9-results" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Claims Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-2-claims-data" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In what ways do you think an analytics approach to predicting healthcare cost will improve upon the previous approach of human judgment? Select all that apply.

Exercise 1

&nbsp;It will allow D2Hawkeye to analyze millions of patients.&nbsp;

&nbsp;It will allow D2Hawkeye to make predictions faster than doctors can.&nbsp;

&nbsp;It will allow D2Hawkeye use all available data (millions of cases) to make decisions.&nbsp;

Explanation

All of the above are correct. There are many advantages to having an analytics approach to predict cost. However, it is important that the models are interpretable, so trees are a great model to use in this situation.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackKeeping an Eye on Healthcare Costs: The D2Hawkeye Story]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Claims Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-2-claims-data" %}})
