site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337.md, before:

---
title: '4.3 Keeping an Eye on Healthcare Costs: The D2Hawkeye Story '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: f24d4a21a158ad7db107ecfb64ec198f_quick-question-337
    weight: 210
---
*   [<Video 5: CART to Predict Cost]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-5-cart-to-predict-cost" %}})
*   [4.3.1Video 1: The Story of D2Hawkeye]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story" %}})
*   [4.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-311" %}})
*   [4.3.3Video 2: Claims Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-2-claims-data" %}})
*   [4.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-316" %}})
*   [4.3.5Video 3: The Variables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-3-the-variables" %}})
*   [4.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-321" %}})
*   [4.3.7Video 4: Error Measures]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-4-error-measures" %}})
*   [4.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-326" %}})
*   [4.3.9Video 5: CART to Predict Cost]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-5-cart-to-predict-cost" %}})
*   [4.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337" %}})
*   [4.3.11Video 6: Claims Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-342" %}})
*   [4.3.13Video 7: Baseline Method and Penalty Matrix]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-7-baseline-method-and-penalty-matrix" %}})
*   [4.3.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-349" %}})
*   [4.3.15Video 8: Predicting Healthcare Cost in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-8-predicting-healthcare-cost-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.16Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-357" %}})
*   [4.3.17Video 9: Results]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-9-results" %}})
*   [\\>Video 6: Claims Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

What were the most important factors in the CART trees to predict cost?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Cost ranges from the previous year&nbsp;

&nbsp;Risk factors&nbsp;

&nbsp;Chronic conditions&nbsp;

&nbsp;Number of office visits last year&nbsp;

Explanation

The most important variables in a CART tree are at the top of the tree - in this case, they are the cost ranges from the previous year.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 5: CART to Predict Cost]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-5-cart-to-predict-cost" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 6: Claims Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337.md, after:

---
title: '4.3 Keeping an Eye on Healthcare Costs: The D2Hawkeye Story '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: f24d4a21a158ad7db107ecfb64ec198f_quick-question-337
    weight: 210
    parent: >-
      52a221ddc01190a445b1a393b15cb810_keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story
---
*   [<Video 5: CART to Predict Cost]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-5-cart-to-predict-cost" %}})
*   [4.3.1Video 1: The Story of D2Hawkeye]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story" %}})
*   [4.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-311" %}})
*   [4.3.3Video 2: Claims Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-2-claims-data" %}})
*   [4.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-316" %}})
*   [4.3.5Video 3: The Variables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-3-the-variables" %}})
*   [4.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-321" %}})
*   [4.3.7Video 4: Error Measures]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-4-error-measures" %}})
*   [4.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-326" %}})
*   [4.3.9Video 5: CART to Predict Cost]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-5-cart-to-predict-cost" %}})
*   [4.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337" %}})
*   [4.3.11Video 6: Claims Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-342" %}})
*   [4.3.13Video 7: Baseline Method and Penalty Matrix]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-7-baseline-method-and-penalty-matrix" %}})
*   [4.3.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-349" %}})
*   [4.3.15Video 8: Predicting Healthcare Cost in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-8-predicting-healthcare-cost-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.16Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-357" %}})
*   [4.3.17Video 9: Results]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-9-results" %}})
*   [\\>Video 6: Claims Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

What were the most important factors in the CART trees to predict cost?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Cost ranges from the previous year&nbsp;

&nbsp;Risk factors&nbsp;

&nbsp;Chronic conditions&nbsp;

&nbsp;Number of office visits last year&nbsp;

Explanation

The most important variables in a CART tree are at the top of the tree - in this case, they are the cost ranges from the previous year.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 5: CART to Predict Cost]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-5-cart-to-predict-cost" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 6: Claims Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r" %}})
