site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r.md, before:

---
title: '4.3 Keeping an Eye on Healthcare Costs: The D2Hawkeye Story '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: b189783b0ca7287f248b0339ea5afbeb_video-6-claims-data-in-r
    weight: 220
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337" %}})
*   [4.3.1Video 1: The Story of D2Hawkeye]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story" %}})
*   [4.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-311" %}})
*   [4.3.3Video 2: Claims Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-2-claims-data" %}})
*   [4.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-316" %}})
*   [4.3.5Video 3: The Variables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-3-the-variables" %}})
*   [4.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-321" %}})
*   [4.3.7Video 4: Error Measures]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-4-error-measures" %}})
*   [4.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-326" %}})
*   [4.3.9Video 5: CART to Predict Cost]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-5-cart-to-predict-cost" %}})
*   [4.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337" %}})
*   [4.3.11Video 6: Claims Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-342" %}})
*   [4.3.13Video 7: Baseline Method and Penalty Matrix]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-7-baseline-method-and-penalty-matrix" %}})
*   [4.3.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-349" %}})
*   [4.3.15Video 8: Predicting Healthcare Cost in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-8-predicting-healthcare-cost-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.16Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-357" %}})
*   [4.3.17Video 9: Results]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-9-results" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-342" %}})

Video 6: Claims Data in R
-------------------------

In the next few videos, we'll be using the dataset [ClaimsData (ZIP - 2.2MB)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/da45d600699821bf0d2024d5628389ab_ClaimsData.csv.zip): this file contains 1 CSV file. Please download the dataset to follow along. Note that this file is in ZIP format due to its large size. You will need to decompress (or unzip) the file before loading it into R.

This data comes from the [DE-SynPUF dataset](http://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Downloadable-Public-Use-Files/SynPUFs/DE_Syn_PUF.html), published by the United States Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).

An R script file with all of the R commands used in this lecture can be downloaded here: [Unit4\_D2Hawkeye (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/38db138e560092bd669a8916a3b8b4d7_Unit4_D2Hawkeye.R)

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-342" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r.md, after:

---
title: '4.3 Keeping an Eye on Healthcare Costs: The D2Hawkeye Story '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: b189783b0ca7287f248b0339ea5afbeb_video-6-claims-data-in-r
    weight: 220
    parent: >-
      52a221ddc01190a445b1a393b15cb810_keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337" %}})
*   [4.3.1Video 1: The Story of D2Hawkeye]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story" %}})
*   [4.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-311" %}})
*   [4.3.3Video 2: Claims Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-2-claims-data" %}})
*   [4.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-316" %}})
*   [4.3.5Video 3: The Variables]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-3-the-variables" %}})
*   [4.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-321" %}})
*   [4.3.7Video 4: Error Measures]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-4-error-measures" %}})
*   [4.3.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-326" %}})
*   [4.3.9Video 5: CART to Predict Cost]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-5-cart-to-predict-cost" %}})
*   [4.3.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337" %}})
*   [4.3.11Video 6: Claims Data in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-6-claims-data-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-342" %}})
*   [4.3.13Video 7: Baseline Method and Penalty Matrix]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-7-baseline-method-and-penalty-matrix" %}})
*   [4.3.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-349" %}})
*   [4.3.15Video 8: Predicting Healthcare Cost in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-8-predicting-healthcare-cost-in-r" %}})
*   [4.3.16Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-357" %}})
*   [4.3.17Video 9: Results]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/video-9-results" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-342" %}})

Video 6: Claims Data in R
-------------------------

In the next few videos, we'll be using the dataset [ClaimsData (ZIP - 2.2MB)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/da45d600699821bf0d2024d5628389ab_ClaimsData.csv.zip): this file contains 1 CSV file. Please download the dataset to follow along. Note that this file is in ZIP format due to its large size. You will need to decompress (or unzip) the file before loading it into R.

This data comes from the [DE-SynPUF dataset](http://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Downloadable-Public-Use-Files/SynPUFs/DE_Syn_PUF.html), published by the United States Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).

An R script file with all of the R commands used in this lecture can be downloaded here: [Unit4\_D2Hawkeye (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/38db138e560092bd669a8916a3b8b4d7_Unit4_D2Hawkeye.R)

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-337" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/keeping-an-eye-on-healthcare-costs-the-d2hawkeye-story/quick-question-342" %}})
