site/content/courses/res-15-002-mission-metrics-finance-training-for-federal-credit-program-professionals-summer-2016/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: >-
  res-15-002-mission-metrics-finance-training-for-federal-credit-program-professionals-summer-2016
course_title: 'Mission & Metrics: Finance Training for Federal Credit Program Professionals'
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>Federal credit programs involve a unique set of challenges and
  opportunities. This practical training course for executive and legislative
  branch decision-makers and staff is aimed at enhancing the understanding of
  the core financial principles necessary to most effectively design and run
  those programs. It brings together institutional analysis, risk management and
  corporate finance disciplines for the purpose of improving the management of
  federal credit agency resources.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Douglas Criscitello
    - Prof. Charles Tansey
    - Prof. Deborah Lucas
  departments:
    - Supplemental Resources
  topics:
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Accounting
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Finance
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Management
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Economics
      speciality: Public Economics
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Public Administration
      speciality: Public Policy
  course_numbers:
    - RES.15-002
  term: Summer 2016
  level: Graduate
menu:
  res-15-002-mission-metrics-finance-training-for-federal-credit-program-professionals-summer-2016:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/res-15-002-mission-metrics-finance-training-for-federal-credit-program-professionals-summer-2016/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: >-
  res-15-002-mission-metrics-finance-training-for-federal-credit-program-professionals-summer-2016
course_title: 'Mission & Metrics: Finance Training for Federal Credit Program Professionals'
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: Building with ionic columns and large dome shown from a grassy courtyard.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>Seen from Killian Court, The Great Dome of the Massachusetts Institute of
  Technology crowns Building 10, which was designed in the style of the
  Pantheon. The Maclaurin Buildings (3, 4, and 10) were built in 1916. (Courtesy
  of <a href="https://www.flickr.com/photos/davidwiley/118814371/">David
  Wiley</a> on Flickr. &nbsp;License: CC BY.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>Federal credit programs involve a unique set of challenges and
  opportunities. This practical training course for executive and legislative
  branch decision-makers and staff is aimed at enhancing the understanding of
  the core financial principles necessary to most effectively design and run
  those programs. It brings together institutional analysis, risk management and
  corporate finance disciplines for the purpose of improving the management of
  federal credit agency resources.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Douglas Criscitello
    - Prof. Charles Tansey
    - Prof. Deborah Lucas
  departments:
    - Supplemental Resources
  topics:
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Accounting
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Finance
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Management
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Economics
      speciality: Public Economics
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Public Administration
      speciality: Public Policy
  course_numbers:
    - RES.15-002
  term: Summer 2016
  level: Graduate
menu:
  res-15-002-mission-metrics-finance-training-for-federal-credit-program-professionals-summer-2016:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
