site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/_index.md, before:

---
title: 'Part C: Average Value, Probability and Numerical Integration'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      e1f8a1b789b83e57da0e01f4ada7283a_part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration
    weight: 70
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-b-second-fundamental-theorem-areas-volumes/problem-set-7" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-60-integrals-and-averages" %}}) »

Calculating averages and probabilities is an important application of integration. Although we can differentiate almost any function we can describe, there are functions whose integral we cannot directly describe; this part of the course describes numerical methods used to calculate the values of such integrals.

> » [Session 60: Integrals and Averages]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-60-integrals-and-averages" %}})  
> » [Session 61: Integrals and Weighted Averages]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-61-integrals-and-weighted-averages" %}})  
> » [Session 62: Integrals and Probability]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-62-integrals-and-probability" %}})  
> » [Session 63: Numerical Integration]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-63-numerical-integration" %}})  
> » [Session 64: Numerical Integration, Continued]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-64-numerical-integration-continued" %}})  
> » [Session 65: Bell Curve, Conclusion]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-65-bell-curve-conclusion" %}})  
> » [Problem Set 8]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/problem-set-8" %}})

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-b-second-fundamental-theorem-areas-volumes/problem-set-7" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-60-integrals-and-averages" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/_index.md, after:

---
title: 'Part C: Average Value, Probability and Numerical Integration'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      e1f8a1b789b83e57da0e01f4ada7283a_part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration
    weight: 70
    parent: >-
      4c201b00a0470284ebd6c546e0cc59ab_unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-b-second-fundamental-theorem-areas-volumes/problem-set-7" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-60-integrals-and-averages" %}}) »

Calculating averages and probabilities is an important application of integration. Although we can differentiate almost any function we can describe, there are functions whose integral we cannot directly describe; this part of the course describes numerical methods used to calculate the values of such integrals.

> » [Session 60: Integrals and Averages]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-60-integrals-and-averages" %}})  
> » [Session 61: Integrals and Weighted Averages]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-61-integrals-and-weighted-averages" %}})  
> » [Session 62: Integrals and Probability]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-62-integrals-and-probability" %}})  
> » [Session 63: Numerical Integration]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-63-numerical-integration" %}})  
> » [Session 64: Numerical Integration, Continued]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-64-numerical-integration-continued" %}})  
> » [Session 65: Bell Curve, Conclusion]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-65-bell-curve-conclusion" %}})  
> » [Problem Set 8]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/problem-set-8" %}})

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-b-second-fundamental-theorem-areas-volumes/problem-set-7" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/session-60-integrals-and-averages" %}}) »
