site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/problem-set-10.md, before:

---
title: Problem Set 10
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 1fe1bcbe130292137c7b4820b5a8b3a0_problem-set-10
    weight: 140
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-79-surface-area" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-c-parametric-equations-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session you will:

*   Do practice problems
*   Use the solutions to check your work

Problem Set
-----------

Use [Integration Techniques (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/cfe0b375ce6c0d7bb231f30e4fa18e44_MIT18_01SC_pset5prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5E | Integration by partial fractions | 2, 3, 5, 6, 10h (complete the square) |
| 5F | Integration by parts; Reduction formulas | 1a, 2d, then 2b, 3 

### Solutions

[Solutions to Integration Techniques problems (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/b8f998f4a1e047a51a59f1db698062af_MIT18_01SC_pset5sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

_This problem set is from exercises and solutions written by David Jerison and Arthur Mattuck._

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-79-surface-area" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-c-parametric-equations-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/problem-set-10.md, after:

---
title: Problem Set 10
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 1fe1bcbe130292137c7b4820b5a8b3a0_problem-set-10
    weight: 140
    parent: >-
      be9d889d28b57df1a77bbd83f2f4f214_part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-79-surface-area" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-c-parametric-equations-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) »

Overview
--------

In this session you will:

*   Do practice problems
*   Use the solutions to check your work

Problem Set
-----------

Use [Integration Techniques (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/cfe0b375ce6c0d7bb231f30e4fa18e44_MIT18_01SC_pset5prb.pdf "Open in a new window.") to do the problems below.

| Section | Topic | Exercises |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5E | Integration by partial fractions | 2, 3, 5, 6, 10h (complete the square) |
| 5F | Integration by parts; Reduction formulas | 1a, 2d, then 2b, 3 

### Solutions

[Solutions to Integration Techniques problems (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/b8f998f4a1e047a51a59f1db698062af_MIT18_01SC_pset5sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

_This problem set is from exercises and solutions written by David Jerison and Arthur Mattuck._

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-79-surface-area" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-c-parametric-equations-and-polar-coordinates" %}}) »
