site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-78-computing-the-length-of-a-curve.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 78: Computing the Length of a Curve'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      5c900cbf5c7bc84e4bc0086224a0a1bd_session-78-computing-the-length-of-a-curve
    weight: 120
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-77-volume-of-a-wine-glass" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-79-surface-area" %}}) »

Overview
--------

To find the length of a curve we break it up into infinitesimal pieces. Each piece is approximately a straight line segment; we use differential notation to compute and sum the lengths of these pieces.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Arc Length of y=x3/2

Worked Example
--------------

Arc Length of y=ln(x)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/812dce705c905047b1555acc89547e85_MIT18_01SCF10_ex78prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/ed84aebb3083404e3ead41aae683b245_MIT18_01SCF10_ex78sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-77-volume-of-a-wine-glass" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-79-surface-area" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-78-computing-the-length-of-a-curve.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 78: Computing the Length of a Curve'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      5c900cbf5c7bc84e4bc0086224a0a1bd_session-78-computing-the-length-of-a-curve
    weight: 120
    parent: >-
      be9d889d28b57df1a77bbd83f2f4f214_part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-77-volume-of-a-wine-glass" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-79-surface-area" %}}) »

Overview
--------

To find the length of a curve we break it up into infinitesimal pieces. Each piece is approximately a straight line segment; we use differential notation to compute and sum the lengths of these pieces.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Arc Length of y=x3/2

Worked Example
--------------

Arc Length of y=ln(x)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/812dce705c905047b1555acc89547e85_MIT18_01SCF10_ex78prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/ed84aebb3083404e3ead41aae683b245_MIT18_01SCF10_ex78sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-77-volume-of-a-wine-glass" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-79-surface-area" %}}) »
