site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-79-surface-area.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 79: Surface Area'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 17929c9ec324e987cc81f0233bae0eee_session-79-surface-area
    weight: 130
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-78-computing-the-length-of-a-curve" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/problem-set-10" %}}) »

Overview
--------

To find the surface area of a curve revolved around an axis, we break the curve into infinitesimal segments ds then sum up the areas of the bands formed by rotating each segment ds about the axis.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Surface Area of a Torus

Worked Example
--------------

Surface Area of a Wine Glass

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/595db9139d7b8372fa33916b4c02bbce_MIT18_01SCF10_ex79prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/95219df9dd0ecab04b1170fd84348fc1_MIT18_01SCF10_ex79sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-78-computing-the-length-of-a-curve" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/problem-set-10" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-79-surface-area.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 79: Surface Area'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: 17929c9ec324e987cc81f0233bae0eee_session-79-surface-area
    weight: 130
    parent: >-
      be9d889d28b57df1a77bbd83f2f4f214_part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-78-computing-the-length-of-a-curve" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/problem-set-10" %}}) »

Overview
--------

To find the surface area of a curve revolved around an axis, we break the curve into infinitesimal segments ds then sum up the areas of the bands formed by rotating each segment ds about the axis.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Recitation Video
----------------

### Surface Area of a Torus

Worked Example
--------------

Surface Area of a Wine Glass

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/595db9139d7b8372fa33916b4c02bbce_MIT18_01SCF10_ex79prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/95219df9dd0ecab04b1170fd84348fc1_MIT18_01SCF10_ex79sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-78-computing-the-length-of-a-curve" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/problem-set-10" %}}) »
