site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-75-advanced-partial-fractions.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 75: Advanced Partial Fractions'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: b2d9964453e89357525c798ec9a77daf_session-75-advanced-partial-fractions
    weight: 90
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-74-integration-by-partial-fractions" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-76-integration-by-parts" %}}) »

Overview
--------

Last session we learned to use partial fractions to integrate rational functions for which the degree of the numerator was less than the degree of the denominator, and where the denominator had particularly nice factors. In this session we learn how to use partial fractions under more adverse conditions.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integral of (x-11)/(x2+9)(x+2)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/db74068e212305557bcec0edaf1a313b_MIT18_01SCF10_ex75aprb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/3d2d08d3e8db306abe6426cb9616eacd_MIT18_01SCF10_ex75asol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integral of x3/x2\-1

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/c946efb0a4f416a4ad1dd5217ad94f12_MIT18_01SCF10_ex75bprb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/fd3a4a1d64f1bd6678b8346f50f273c8_MIT18_01SCF10_ex75bsol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

Recitation Video
----------------

### Partial Fractions Decomposition

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-74-integration-by-partial-fractions" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-76-integration-by-parts" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-75-advanced-partial-fractions.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 75: Advanced Partial Fractions'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: b2d9964453e89357525c798ec9a77daf_session-75-advanced-partial-fractions
    weight: 90
    parent: >-
      be9d889d28b57df1a77bbd83f2f4f214_part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-74-integration-by-partial-fractions" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-76-integration-by-parts" %}}) »

Overview
--------

Last session we learned to use partial fractions to integrate rational functions for which the degree of the numerator was less than the degree of the denominator, and where the denominator had particularly nice factors. In this session we learn how to use partial fractions under more adverse conditions.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integral of (x-11)/(x2+9)(x+2)

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/db74068e212305557bcec0edaf1a313b_MIT18_01SCF10_ex75aprb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/3d2d08d3e8db306abe6426cb9616eacd_MIT18_01SCF10_ex75asol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integral of x3/x2\-1

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/c946efb0a4f416a4ad1dd5217ad94f12_MIT18_01SCF10_ex75bprb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/fd3a4a1d64f1bd6678b8346f50f273c8_MIT18_01SCF10_ex75bsol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

Recitation Video
----------------

### Partial Fractions Decomposition

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-74-integration-by-partial-fractions" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-76-integration-by-parts" %}}) »
