site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-74-integration-by-partial-fractions.md, before:

---
title: 'Session 74: Integration by Partial Fractions'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      bffb54f0e2e1cf685033820b5512e4e6_session-74-integration-by-partial-fractions
    weight: 80
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-75-advanced-partial-fractions" %}}) »

Overview
--------

If guessing and substitution don't work, we can use the method of partial fractions to integrate rational functions. This session presents the time saving "cover-up method" for performing partial fractions decompositions.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integrate by Partial Fractions

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/160495eb552e15d3a310fb9a4d8844ef_MIT18_01SCF10_ex74prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/b1dc48ac3e5767fc71ca4d887ae9cbbc_MIT18_01SCF10_ex74sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-75-advanced-partial-fractions" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-74-integration-by-partial-fractions.md, after:

---
title: 'Session 74: Integration by Partial Fractions'
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: >-
      bffb54f0e2e1cf685033820b5512e4e6_session-74-integration-by-partial-fractions
    weight: 80
    parent: >-
      be9d889d28b57df1a77bbd83f2f4f214_part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-75-advanced-partial-fractions" %}}) »

Overview
--------

If guessing and substitution don't work, we can use the method of partial fractions to integrate rational functions. This session presents the time saving "cover-up method" for performing partial fractions decompositions.

Lecture Video and Notes
-----------------------

### Video Excerpts

Worked Example
--------------

Integrate by Partial Fractions

*   [Problem (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/160495eb552e15d3a310fb9a4d8844ef_MIT18_01SCF10_ex74prb.pdf "Open in a new window.")
*   [Solution (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/b1dc48ac3e5767fc71ca4d887ae9cbbc_MIT18_01SCF10_ex74sol.pdf "Open in a new window.")

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-4-techniques-of-integration/part-b-partial-fractions-integration-by-parts-arc-length-and-surface-area/session-75-advanced-partial-fractions" %}}) »
