site/content/courses/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016
course_title: Classical Mechanics
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/424dd4989c1235387a32fbb5a17b80c1_8-01scf16.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>This first course in the physics curriculum introduces classical mechanics.
  Historically, a set of core concepts&mdash;space, time, mass, force, 
  momentum, torque, and angular momentum&mdash;were introduced in classical
  mechanics in order to solve the most famous physics problem, the motion  of
  the planets.</p> <p>The principles of mechanics successfully described many
  other phenomena encountered in the world. Conservation laws involving energy,
  momentum and angular momentum provided a second parallel approach to solving
  many of the same problems. In this course, we will investigate both
  approaches: Force and conservation laws.</p> <p><a
  href="./resolveuid/8488bde46909b726a411abeee039ef1a"><img style="float: right;
  margin: 0 0 5px 15px;" src="/images/button_start.png" alt="Click to get
  started." /></a></p> <p>Our goal is to develop a conceptual understanding of
  the core concepts, a familiarity with the experimental verification of our
  theoretical laws, and an ability to apply the theoretical framework to
  describe and predict the motions of bodies.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Peter Dourmashkin
    - Prof. Deepto Chakrabarty
    - Prof. Anna Frebel
    - Prof. Vladan Vuletic
    - Prof. Michelle Tomasik
  departments:
    - Physics
  topics:
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Physics
      speciality: Classical Mechanics
  course_numbers:
    - '8.01'
  term: Fall 2016
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016
course_title: Classical Mechanics
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/424dd4989c1235387a32fbb5a17b80c1_8-01scf16.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: A photo of a building with the word "Newton" engraved on the side.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>Issac Newton is honored on the facade of Killian Court at MIT. Newton
  developed most of the concepts studied in classical mechanics. (Photo courtesy
  of Dr. Michelle Tomasik.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>This first course in the physics curriculum introduces classical mechanics.
  Historically, a set of core concepts&mdash;space, time, mass, force, 
  momentum, torque, and angular momentum&mdash;were introduced in classical
  mechanics in order to solve the most famous physics problem, the motion  of
  the planets.</p> <p>The principles of mechanics successfully described many
  other phenomena encountered in the world. Conservation laws involving energy,
  momentum and angular momentum provided a second parallel approach to solving
  many of the same problems. In this course, we will investigate both
  approaches: Force and conservation laws.</p> <p><a
  href="./resolveuid/8488bde46909b726a411abeee039ef1a"><img style="float: right;
  margin: 0 0 5px 15px;" src="/images/button_start.png" alt="Click to get
  started." /></a></p> <p>Our goal is to develop a conceptual understanding of
  the core concepts, a familiarity with the experimental verification of our
  theoretical laws, and an ability to apply the theoretical framework to
  describe and predict the motions of bodies.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Peter Dourmashkin
    - Prof. Deepto Chakrabarty
    - Prof. Anna Frebel
    - Prof. Vladan Vuletic
    - Prof. Michelle Tomasik
  departments:
    - Physics
  topics:
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Physics
      speciality: Classical Mechanics
  course_numbers:
    - '8.01'
  term: Fall 2016
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
