site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-3-hierarchical-clustering.md, before:

---
title: '6.4 Seeing the Big Picture: Segmenting Images to Create Data  (Recitation)'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 3b86be20f4841eecced880565b48fc62_video-3-hierarchical-clustering
    weight: 180
---
*   [<Video 2: Clustering Pixels]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-2-clustering-pixels" %}})
*   [6.4.1Welcome to Recitation 6]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation" %}})
*   [6.4.2Video 1: Image Segmentation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-1-image-segmentation" %}})
*   [6.4.3Video 2: Clustering Pixels]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-2-clustering-pixels" %}})
*   [6.4.4Video 3: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-3-hierarchical-clustering" %}})
*   [6.4.5Caution]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/caution" %}})
*   [6.4.6Video 4: MRI Image]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-4-mri-image" %}})
*   [6.4.7Video 5: K-Means Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-5-k-means-clustering" %}})
*   [6.4.8Video 6: Detecting Tumors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-6-detecting-tumors" %}})
*   [6.4.9Video 7: Comparing Methods]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-7-comparing-methods" %}})
*   [\\>Caution]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/caution" %}})

Video 3: Hierarchical Clustering
--------------------------------

*   [BackVideo 2: Clustering Pixels]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-2-clustering-pixels" %}})
*   [ContinueCaution]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/caution" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-3-hierarchical-clustering.md, after:

---
title: '6.4 Seeing the Big Picture: Segmenting Images to Create Data  (Recitation)'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 3b86be20f4841eecced880565b48fc62_video-3-hierarchical-clustering
    weight: 180
    parent: >-
      c6d206ccfb1528f6048f29e817450da7_seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation
---
*   [<Video 2: Clustering Pixels]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-2-clustering-pixels" %}})
*   [6.4.1Welcome to Recitation 6]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation" %}})
*   [6.4.2Video 1: Image Segmentation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-1-image-segmentation" %}})
*   [6.4.3Video 2: Clustering Pixels]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-2-clustering-pixels" %}})
*   [6.4.4Video 3: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-3-hierarchical-clustering" %}})
*   [6.4.5Caution]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/caution" %}})
*   [6.4.6Video 4: MRI Image]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-4-mri-image" %}})
*   [6.4.7Video 5: K-Means Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-5-k-means-clustering" %}})
*   [6.4.8Video 6: Detecting Tumors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-6-detecting-tumors" %}})
*   [6.4.9Video 7: Comparing Methods]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-7-comparing-methods" %}})
*   [\\>Caution]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/caution" %}})

Video 3: Hierarchical Clustering
--------------------------------

*   [BackVideo 2: Clustering Pixels]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-2-clustering-pixels" %}})
*   [ContinueCaution]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/caution" %}})
