site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-2-clustering-pixels.md, before:

---
title: '6.4 Seeing the Big Picture: Segmenting Images to Create Data  (Recitation)'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 63f40bde98fd3fdc8c2ddf21ec19f21f_video-2-clustering-pixels
    weight: 170
---
*   [<Video 1: Image Segmentation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-1-image-segmentation" %}})
*   [6.4.1Welcome to Recitation 6]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation" %}})
*   [6.4.2Video 1: Image Segmentation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-1-image-segmentation" %}})
*   [6.4.3Video 2: Clustering Pixels]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-2-clustering-pixels" %}})
*   [6.4.4Video 3: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-3-hierarchical-clustering" %}})
*   [6.4.5Caution]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/caution" %}})
*   [6.4.6Video 4: MRI Image]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-4-mri-image" %}})
*   [6.4.7Video 5: K-Means Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-5-k-means-clustering" %}})
*   [6.4.8Video 6: Detecting Tumors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-6-detecting-tumors" %}})
*   [6.4.9Video 7: Comparing Methods]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-7-comparing-methods" %}})
*   [\\>Video 3: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-3-hierarchical-clustering" %}})

Video 2: Clustering Pixels
--------------------------

In this Recitation, we'll be using the following data files: [flower (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/2d4a0c3fb38591cbaccdce7321b66dba_flower.csv), [healthy (CSV - 3.8MB)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/5347323f17f48b5026056f1b475cce88_healthy.csv), and [tumor (CSV - 2.3MB)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/35a3c0611bd96c7b50dd1da39f0d61fc_tumor.csv). Please download these files to your computer to following along.

An R script file with all of the commands used in this Recitation can be downloaded here: [Resource Unit6\_Recitation (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/baa1351025fe4c21bb35c33fd297e11b_Unit6_Recitation.R).

*   [BackVideo 1: Image Segmentation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-1-image-segmentation" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 3: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-3-hierarchical-clustering" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-2-clustering-pixels.md, after:

---
title: '6.4 Seeing the Big Picture: Segmenting Images to Create Data  (Recitation)'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 63f40bde98fd3fdc8c2ddf21ec19f21f_video-2-clustering-pixels
    weight: 170
    parent: >-
      c6d206ccfb1528f6048f29e817450da7_seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation
---
*   [<Video 1: Image Segmentation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-1-image-segmentation" %}})
*   [6.4.1Welcome to Recitation 6]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation" %}})
*   [6.4.2Video 1: Image Segmentation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-1-image-segmentation" %}})
*   [6.4.3Video 2: Clustering Pixels]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-2-clustering-pixels" %}})
*   [6.4.4Video 3: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-3-hierarchical-clustering" %}})
*   [6.4.5Caution]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/caution" %}})
*   [6.4.6Video 4: MRI Image]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-4-mri-image" %}})
*   [6.4.7Video 5: K-Means Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-5-k-means-clustering" %}})
*   [6.4.8Video 6: Detecting Tumors]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-6-detecting-tumors" %}})
*   [6.4.9Video 7: Comparing Methods]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-7-comparing-methods" %}})
*   [\\>Video 3: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-3-hierarchical-clustering" %}})

Video 2: Clustering Pixels
--------------------------

In this Recitation, we'll be using the following data files: [flower (CSV)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/2d4a0c3fb38591cbaccdce7321b66dba_flower.csv), [healthy (CSV - 3.8MB)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/5347323f17f48b5026056f1b475cce88_healthy.csv), and [tumor (CSV - 2.3MB)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/35a3c0611bd96c7b50dd1da39f0d61fc_tumor.csv). Please download these files to your computer to following along.

An R script file with all of the commands used in this Recitation can be downloaded here: [Resource Unit6\_Recitation (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/baa1351025fe4c21bb35c33fd297e11b_Unit6_Recitation.R).

*   [BackVideo 1: Image Segmentation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-1-image-segmentation" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 3: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/seeing-the-big-picture-segmenting-images-to-create-data-recitation/video-3-hierarchical-clustering" %}})
