site/content/courses/21g-049-french-photography-spring-2017/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 21g-049-french-photography-spring-2017
course_title: French Photography
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>This course introduces students to the world of French photography from its
  invention in the 1820s to the present. It provides exposure to major
  photographers and images of the French tradition, and encourages students to
  explore the social and cultural roles and meanings of photographs. Designed to
  help students navigate their own photo-saturated worlds, it also provides
  opportunity to gain practical experience in photography. Taught in
  English.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Catherine Clark
  departments:
    - Global Studies and Languages
  topics:
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Visual Arts
      speciality: Photography
    - topic: Humanities
      subtopic: Literature
      speciality: Criticism
    - topic: Humanities
      subtopic: Language
      speciality: French
  course_numbers:
    - 21G.049
  term: Spring 2017
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  21g-049-french-photography-spring-2017:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/21g-049-french-photography-spring-2017/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 21g-049-french-photography-spring-2017
course_title: French Photography
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: 'A shop window displaying rows of corsets on dress forms. '
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>A photo taken in 1912 by Eugène Atget of a Corsetière shop window on
  Boulevard de Strasbourg in Paris. (Image is in the public domain. Source: <a
  href="https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Eug%C3%A8ne_Atget,_Boulevard_de_Strasbourg,_Corsets,_Paris,_1912.jpg">Wikimedia
  Commons</a>.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>This course introduces students to the world of French photography from its
  invention in the 1820s to the present. It provides exposure to major
  photographers and images of the French tradition, and encourages students to
  explore the social and cultural roles and meanings of photographs. Designed to
  help students navigate their own photo-saturated worlds, it also provides
  opportunity to gain practical experience in photography. Taught in
  English.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Catherine Clark
  departments:
    - Global Studies and Languages
  topics:
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Visual Arts
      speciality: Photography
    - topic: Humanities
      subtopic: Literature
      speciality: Criticism
    - topic: Humanities
      subtopic: Language
      speciality: French
  course_numbers:
    - 21G.049
  term: Spring 2017
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  21g-049-french-photography-spring-2017:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
