site/content/courses/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010
course_title: Multivariable Calculus
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data-ci.s3.amazonaws.com/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/98f7f76b373d20b5c3f849016d8ff5a1_18-02scf10.jpg
course_thumbnail_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data-ci.s3.amazonaws.com/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/912bb291e7f3e8c701065c6647495376_18-02scf10-th.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: Graph of an eighth of a sphere.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>Directional derivatives for functions of two variables. (Image courtesy of
  John B. Lewis.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>This course covers differential, integral and vector calculus for functions
  of more than one variable. These mathematical tools and methods are used
  extensively in the physical sciences, engineering, economics and computer
  graphics.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Denis Auroux
  departments:
    - Mathematics
  course_features:
    - feature: Interactive simulations
      subfeature: Applet
    - feature: Exams
      subfeature: Solutions
    - feature: Exams
      subfeature: Solutions
    - feature: Exams
      subfeature: Solutions
    - feature: Lecture notes
      subfeature: Complete
  topics:
    Mathematics:
      Calculus: []
      Linear Algebra: []
      Differential Equations: []
  course_numbers:
    - 18.02SC
  term: Fall 2010
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

other_information_text (#148)
* update markdown

* update markdown with latest fixes for not escaping image content inside links

site/content/courses/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010
course_title: Multivariable Calculus
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data-ci.s3.amazonaws.com/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/98f7f76b373d20b5c3f849016d8ff5a1_18-02scf10.jpg
course_thumbnail_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data-ci.s3.amazonaws.com/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/912bb291e7f3e8c701065c6647495376_18-02scf10-th.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: Graph of an eighth of a sphere.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>Directional derivatives for functions of two variables. (Image courtesy of
  John B. Lewis.)</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Denis Auroux
  departments:
    - Mathematics
  course_features:
    - feature: Interactive simulations
      subfeature: Applet
    - feature: Exams
      subfeature: Solutions
    - feature: Exams
      subfeature: Solutions
    - feature: Exams
      subfeature: Solutions
    - feature: Lecture notes
      subfeature: Complete
  topics:
    Mathematics:
      Calculus: []
      Linear Algebra: []
      Differential Equations: []
  course_numbers:
    - 18.02SC
  term: Fall 2010
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
This course covers differential, integral and vector calculus for functions of more than one variable. These mathematical tools and methods are used extensively in the physical sciences, engineering, economics and computer graphics.
##### Course Formats

* * *

[![Click to get started.](/images/button_start.png)]({{% getpage "courses/18-02sc-multivariable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/Syllabus/_index.md" %}})The materials have been organized to support independent study. The website includes all of the materials you will need to understand the concepts covered in this subject. The materials in this course include:

*   **Lecture Videos** recorded on the MIT campus
*   **Recitation Videos** with problem-solving tips
*   **Examples** of solutions to sample problems
*   **Problem** for you to solve, with solutions
*   **Exams** with solutions
*   **Interactive Java Applets** ("Mathlets") to reinforce key concepts

##### Content Development

* * *

Denis Auroux  
Arthur Mattuck  
Jeremy Orloff  
John Lewis

Heidi Burgiel  
Christine Breiner  
David Jordan  
Joel Lewis
