site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-433.md, before:

---
title: '6.2 Recommendations Worth a Million: An Introduction to Clustering '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 0929460cb5ed43dfdb0ecacb845ffa3f_quick-question-433
    weight: 140
---
*   [<Recommendations Worth a Million: An Introduction to Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.1Video 1: Introduction to Netflix]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-433" %}})
*   [6.2.3Video 2: Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-2-recommendation-systems" %}})
*   [6.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-438" %}})
*   [6.2.5Video 3: Movie Data and Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-3-movie-data-and-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-446" %}})
*   [6.2.7Video 4: Computing Distances]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-4-computing-distances" %}})
*   [6.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-451" %}})
*   [6.2.9Video 5: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-5-hierarchical-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-458" %}})
*   [6.2.11Video 6: Getting the Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-6-getting-the-data" %}})
*   [6.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-466" %}})
*   [6.2.13Video 7: Hierarchical Clustering in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-7-hierarchical-clustering-in-r" %}})
*   [6.2.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-476" %}})
*   [6.2.15Video 8: The Analytics Edge of Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-8-the-analytics-edge-of-recommendation-systems" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-2-recommendation-systems" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

About how many years did it take for a team to submit a 10% improvement over Cinematch?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;0.5&nbsp;

&nbsp;1.5&nbsp;

&nbsp;2.5&nbsp;

&nbsp;3.5&nbsp;

Explanation

The contest started in October 2006, and eneded in July 2009. So it took about 2.5 years for a team to submit a 10% improvement solution.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackRecommendations Worth a Million: An Introduction to Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-2-recommendation-systems" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-433.md, after:

---
title: '6.2 Recommendations Worth a Million: An Introduction to Clustering '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 0929460cb5ed43dfdb0ecacb845ffa3f_quick-question-433
    weight: 140
    parent: >-
      b091b1bec85a85e060a83b7905c9dcce_recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering
---
*   [<Recommendations Worth a Million: An Introduction to Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.1Video 1: Introduction to Netflix]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-433" %}})
*   [6.2.3Video 2: Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-2-recommendation-systems" %}})
*   [6.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-438" %}})
*   [6.2.5Video 3: Movie Data and Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-3-movie-data-and-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-446" %}})
*   [6.2.7Video 4: Computing Distances]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-4-computing-distances" %}})
*   [6.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-451" %}})
*   [6.2.9Video 5: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-5-hierarchical-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-458" %}})
*   [6.2.11Video 6: Getting the Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-6-getting-the-data" %}})
*   [6.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-466" %}})
*   [6.2.13Video 7: Hierarchical Clustering in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-7-hierarchical-clustering-in-r" %}})
*   [6.2.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-476" %}})
*   [6.2.15Video 8: The Analytics Edge of Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-8-the-analytics-edge-of-recommendation-systems" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-2-recommendation-systems" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

About how many years did it take for a team to submit a 10% improvement over Cinematch?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;0.5&nbsp;

&nbsp;1.5&nbsp;

&nbsp;2.5&nbsp;

&nbsp;3.5&nbsp;

Explanation

The contest started in October 2006, and eneded in July 2009. So it took about 2.5 years for a team to submit a 10% improvement solution.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackRecommendations Worth a Million: An Introduction to Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-2-recommendation-systems" %}})
