site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-446.md, before:

---
title: '6.2 Recommendations Worth a Million: An Introduction to Clustering '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: b7314818ce6b5cbcb1a5e7bedcb314f0_quick-question-446
    weight: 180
---
*   [<Video 3: Movie Data and Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-3-movie-data-and-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.1Video 1: Introduction to Netflix]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-433" %}})
*   [6.2.3Video 2: Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-2-recommendation-systems" %}})
*   [6.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-438" %}})
*   [6.2.5Video 3: Movie Data and Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-3-movie-data-and-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-446" %}})
*   [6.2.7Video 4: Computing Distances]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-4-computing-distances" %}})
*   [6.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-451" %}})
*   [6.2.9Video 5: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-5-hierarchical-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-458" %}})
*   [6.2.11Video 6: Getting the Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-6-getting-the-data" %}})
*   [6.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-466" %}})
*   [6.2.13Video 7: Hierarchical Clustering in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-7-hierarchical-clustering-in-r" %}})
*   [6.2.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-476" %}})
*   [6.2.15Video 8: The Analytics Edge of Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-8-the-analytics-edge-of-recommendation-systems" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: Computing Distances]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-4-computing-distances" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In the previous video, we discussed how clustering is used to split the data into similar groups. Which of the following tasks do you think are appropriate for clustering? Select all that apply.

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Dividing search results on Google into categories based on the topic&nbsp;

&nbsp;Grouping players into different "types" of basketball players that make it to the NBA&nbsp;

&nbsp;Predicting the winner of the Major League Baseball World Series&nbsp;

Explanation

The first two options are appropriate tasks for clustering. Clustering probably wouldn't help us predict the winner of the World Series.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: Movie Data and Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-3-movie-data-and-clustering" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: Computing Distances]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-4-computing-distances" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-446.md, after:

---
title: '6.2 Recommendations Worth a Million: An Introduction to Clustering '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: b7314818ce6b5cbcb1a5e7bedcb314f0_quick-question-446
    weight: 180
    parent: >-
      b091b1bec85a85e060a83b7905c9dcce_recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering
---
*   [<Video 3: Movie Data and Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-3-movie-data-and-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.1Video 1: Introduction to Netflix]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-433" %}})
*   [6.2.3Video 2: Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-2-recommendation-systems" %}})
*   [6.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-438" %}})
*   [6.2.5Video 3: Movie Data and Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-3-movie-data-and-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-446" %}})
*   [6.2.7Video 4: Computing Distances]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-4-computing-distances" %}})
*   [6.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-451" %}})
*   [6.2.9Video 5: Hierarchical Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-5-hierarchical-clustering" %}})
*   [6.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-458" %}})
*   [6.2.11Video 6: Getting the Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-6-getting-the-data" %}})
*   [6.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-466" %}})
*   [6.2.13Video 7: Hierarchical Clustering in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-7-hierarchical-clustering-in-r" %}})
*   [6.2.14Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/quick-question-476" %}})
*   [6.2.15Video 8: The Analytics Edge of Recommendation Systems]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-8-the-analytics-edge-of-recommendation-systems" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: Computing Distances]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-4-computing-distances" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

In the previous video, we discussed how clustering is used to split the data into similar groups. Which of the following tasks do you think are appropriate for clustering? Select all that apply.

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Dividing search results on Google into categories based on the topic&nbsp;

&nbsp;Grouping players into different "types" of basketball players that make it to the NBA&nbsp;

&nbsp;Predicting the winner of the Major League Baseball World Series&nbsp;

Explanation

The first two options are appropriate tasks for clustering. Clustering probably wouldn't help us predict the winner of the World Series.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: Movie Data and Clustering]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-3-movie-data-and-clustering" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: Computing Distances]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/clustering/recommendations-worth-a-million-an-introduction-to-clustering/video-4-computing-distances" %}})
