site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/exam-3/_index.md, before:

---
title: Exam 3
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: d008dd74a84e2b230239ba6f9604c6fa_exam-3
    weight: 80
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/problem-set-8" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/exam-3/review-for-exam-3" %}}) »

Congratulations! You've made it through Unit 3. Now it's time to test your knowledge. Begin with the review, and when you're ready, take the exam. When you're done, use the included solutions to check your answers.

> » [Session 66: Review for Exam 3]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/exam-3/review-for-exam-3" %}})  
> » [Session 67: Materials for Exam 3]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/exam-3/materials-for-exam-3" %}})

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/problem-set-8" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/exam-3/review-for-exam-3" %}}) »

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/exam-3/_index.md, after:

---
title: Exam 3
course_id: 18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010
menu:
  18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010:
    identifier: d008dd74a84e2b230239ba6f9604c6fa_exam-3
    weight: 80
    parent: >-
      4c201b00a0470284ebd6c546e0cc59ab_unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications
---
« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/problem-set-8" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/exam-3/review-for-exam-3" %}}) »

Congratulations! You've made it through Unit 3. Now it's time to test your knowledge. Begin with the review, and when you're ready, take the exam. When you're done, use the included solutions to check your answers.

> » [Session 66: Review for Exam 3]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/exam-3/review-for-exam-3" %}})  
> » [Session 67: Materials for Exam 3]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/exam-3/materials-for-exam-3" %}})

« [Previous]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/part-c-average-value-probability-and-numerical-integration/problem-set-8" %}}) | [Next]({{% ref "courses/18-01sc-single-variable-calculus-fall-2010/sections/unit-3-the-definite-integral-and-its-applications/exam-3/review-for-exam-3" %}}) »
