site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-3-logistic-regression.md, before:

---
title: '3.2 Modeling the Expert: An Introduction to Logistic Regression'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 8099bebbd4e81ce09baa3ede1f3ec357_video-3-logistic-regression
    weight: 130
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-144" %}})
*   [3.2.1Video 1: Replicating Expert Assessment]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression" %}})
*   [3.2.2Video 2: Building the Dataset]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-2-building-the-dataset" %}})
*   [3.2.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-144" %}})
*   [3.2.4Video 3: Logistic Regression]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-3-logistic-regression" %}})
*   [3.2.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-152" %}})
*   [3.2.6Video 4: Logistic Regression in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-4-logistic-regression-in-r" %}})
*   [3.2.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-167" %}})
*   [3.2.8Video 5: Thresholding]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-5-thresholding" %}})
*   [3.2.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-188" %}})
*   [3.2.10Video 6: ROC Curves]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-6-roc-curves" %}})
*   [3.2.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-200" %}})
*   [3.2.12Video 7: Interpreting the Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-7-interpreting-the-model" %}})
*   [3.2.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-208" %}})
*   [3.2.14Video 8: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-8-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-152" %}})

Video 3: Logistic Regression
----------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-144" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-152" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-3-logistic-regression.md, after:

---
title: '3.2 Modeling the Expert: An Introduction to Logistic Regression'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 8099bebbd4e81ce09baa3ede1f3ec357_video-3-logistic-regression
    weight: 130
    parent: >-
      3063320a41756b8a4fa9892f61b52c0d_modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-144" %}})
*   [3.2.1Video 1: Replicating Expert Assessment]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression" %}})
*   [3.2.2Video 2: Building the Dataset]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-2-building-the-dataset" %}})
*   [3.2.3Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-144" %}})
*   [3.2.4Video 3: Logistic Regression]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-3-logistic-regression" %}})
*   [3.2.5Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-152" %}})
*   [3.2.6Video 4: Logistic Regression in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-4-logistic-regression-in-r" %}})
*   [3.2.7Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-167" %}})
*   [3.2.8Video 5: Thresholding]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-5-thresholding" %}})
*   [3.2.9Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-188" %}})
*   [3.2.10Video 6: ROC Curves]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-6-roc-curves" %}})
*   [3.2.11Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-200" %}})
*   [3.2.12Video 7: Interpreting the Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-7-interpreting-the-model" %}})
*   [3.2.13Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-208" %}})
*   [3.2.14Video 8: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/video-8-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-152" %}})

Video 3: Logistic Regression
----------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-144" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/logistic-regression/modeling-the-expert-an-introduction-to-logistic-regression/quick-question-152" %}})
