site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-2-the-data-2.md, before:

---
title: '5.4 Predictive Coding: Bringing Text Analytics to the Courtroom  (Recitation)'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: d2b6e4bccf8f0017b1fc3de36e683c9a_video-2-the-data-2
    weight: 160
---
*   [<Video 1: The Story of Enron]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-1-the-story-of-enron" %}})
*   [5.4.1Welcome to Recitation 5]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation" %}})
*   [5.4.2Video 1: The Story of Enron]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-1-the-story-of-enron" %}})
*   [5.4.3Video 2: The Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-2-the-data-2" %}})
*   [5.4.4Video 3: Pre-Processing]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-3-pre-processing" %}})
*   [5.4.5Video 4: Bag of Words]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-4-bag-of-words-2" %}})
*   [5.4.6Video 5: Building Models]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-5-building-models" %}})
*   [5.4.7Video 6: Evaluating the Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-6-evaluating-the-model" %}})
*   [5.4.8Video 7: The ROC Curve]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-7-the-roc-curve" %}})
*   [5.4.9Video 8: Predictive Coding Today]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-8-predictive-coding-today" %}})
*   [\\>Video 3: Pre-Processing]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-3-pre-processing" %}})

Video 2: The Data
-----------------

In this recitation, we'll be using the dataset [energy\_bids (CSV - 2.0MB)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/6d2b07bf20ccaf83c396d465e5b7574d_energy_bids.csv). Please download and save this dataset to your computer so that you can follow along. This data comes from the 2010 [TREC Legal Track](http://trec-legal.umiacs.umd.edu/).

An R script file with all of the commands we will be using in this recitation can be downloaded here: [Resource Unit5\_Recitation (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/011d033b38637b575bcdf6a154a3fcf6_Unit5_Recitation.R).

*   [BackVideo 1: The Story of Enron]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-1-the-story-of-enron" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 3: Pre-Processing]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-3-pre-processing" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-2-the-data-2.md, after:

---
title: '5.4 Predictive Coding: Bringing Text Analytics to the Courtroom  (Recitation)'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: d2b6e4bccf8f0017b1fc3de36e683c9a_video-2-the-data-2
    weight: 160
    parent: >-
      d4b1a3b942ed98d194feb3777ba22595_predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation
---
*   [<Video 1: The Story of Enron]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-1-the-story-of-enron" %}})
*   [5.4.1Welcome to Recitation 5]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation" %}})
*   [5.4.2Video 1: The Story of Enron]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-1-the-story-of-enron" %}})
*   [5.4.3Video 2: The Data]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-2-the-data-2" %}})
*   [5.4.4Video 3: Pre-Processing]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-3-pre-processing" %}})
*   [5.4.5Video 4: Bag of Words]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-4-bag-of-words-2" %}})
*   [5.4.6Video 5: Building Models]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-5-building-models" %}})
*   [5.4.7Video 6: Evaluating the Model]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-6-evaluating-the-model" %}})
*   [5.4.8Video 7: The ROC Curve]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-7-the-roc-curve" %}})
*   [5.4.9Video 8: Predictive Coding Today]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-8-predictive-coding-today" %}})
*   [\\>Video 3: Pre-Processing]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-3-pre-processing" %}})

Video 2: The Data
-----------------

In this recitation, we'll be using the dataset [energy\_bids (CSV - 2.0MB)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/6d2b07bf20ccaf83c396d465e5b7574d_energy_bids.csv). Please download and save this dataset to your computer so that you can follow along. This data comes from the 2010 [TREC Legal Track](http://trec-legal.umiacs.umd.edu/).

An R script file with all of the commands we will be using in this recitation can be downloaded here: [Resource Unit5\_Recitation (R)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/011d033b38637b575bcdf6a154a3fcf6_Unit5_Recitation.R).

*   [BackVideo 1: The Story of Enron]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-1-the-story-of-enron" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 3: Pre-Processing]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/text-analytics/predictive-coding-bringing-text-analytics-to-the-courtroom-recitation/video-3-pre-processing" %}})
