site/content/courses/15-s21-nuts-and-bolts-of-business-plans-january-iap-2014/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 15-s21-nuts-and-bolts-of-business-plans-january-iap-2014
course_title: Nuts and Bolts of Business Plans
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>The nuts and bolts of preparing a New Venture Plan and launching the
  venture will be explored in this twenty-fifth&nbsp;annual course offering. The
  course is open to members of the MIT Community and to others interested in
  entrepreneurship. It is particularly recommended for persons who are
  interested in starting or are involved in a new business or venture. Because
  some of the speakers will be judges of the MIT $100K Entrepreneurship
  Competition, persons who are planning to enter the Competition should find the
  course particularly useful. In the past approximately 50% of the class has
  been from the Engineering / Science / Architecture Schools and 50% from the
  Sloan School of Management.</p><p>The course is offered during the Independent
  Activities Period (IAP), which is a special 4-week term at MIT that runs from
  the first week of January until the end of the month.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Joseph Hadzima
  departments:
    - Sloan School of Management
  topics:
    - topic: Business
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Entrepreneurship
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Finance
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Innovation
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Management
  course_numbers:
    - 15.S21
  term: January IAP 2014
  level: Graduate
menu:
  15-s21-nuts-and-bolts-of-business-plans-january-iap-2014:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text. (#96)

site/content/courses/15-s21-nuts-and-bolts-of-business-plans-january-iap-2014/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 15-s21-nuts-and-bolts-of-business-plans-january-iap-2014
course_title: Nuts and Bolts of Business Plans
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: A diagram of a nut and bolt.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>A nut and bolt figuratively represent the content of this class. (Image by
  MIT OCW.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>The nuts and bolts of preparing a New Venture Plan and launching the
  venture will be explored in this twenty-fifth&nbsp;annual course offering. The
  course is open to members of the MIT Community and to others interested in
  entrepreneurship. It is particularly recommended for persons who are
  interested in starting or are involved in a new business or venture. Because
  some of the speakers will be judges of the MIT $100K Entrepreneurship
  Competition, persons who are planning to enter the Competition should find the
  course particularly useful. In the past approximately 50% of the class has
  been from the Engineering / Science / Architecture Schools and 50% from the
  Sloan School of Management.</p><p>The course is offered during the Independent
  Activities Period (IAP), which is a special 4-week term at MIT that runs from
  the first week of January until the end of the month.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Joseph Hadzima
  departments:
    - Sloan School of Management
  topics:
    - topic: Business
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Entrepreneurship
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Finance
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Innovation
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Management
  course_numbers:
    - 15.S21
  term: January IAP 2014
  level: Graduate
menu:
  15-s21-nuts-and-bolts-of-business-plans-january-iap-2014:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
