---
title: 2.4 Integration
uid: 08c4d5a6375da6f5e71178ac02d549e0
parent_uid: 80bbab7a52457ea7acb5deb15fb9c9cb
technical_location: >-
  https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/week-1-kinematics/2.4-integration/2.4-integration
short_url: 2.4-integration
inline_embed_id: 882403042.4integration76872064
about_this_resource_text: '<p><strong>Instructor:</strong> Prof. Deepto Chakrabarty</p>'
related_resources_text: ''
transcript: >-
  <p><span m='3740'>If we know the position x of t of an object as a
  function</span> <span m='7200'>of time, we can use differentiation</span>
  <span m='9930'>to calculate its velocity and its acceleration</span> <span
  m='12190'>at later times.</span> </p><p><span m='12960'>Essentially, by taking
  the derivatives of the position,</span> <span m='15270'>we know everything
  there is to know about the motion.</span> </p><p><span m='18910'>Sometimes,
  however, we'll want to go in the other direction.</span> </p><p><span
  m='22060'>We'll have the acceleration as a function of time</span> <span
  m='24174'>and we'll want to find the velocity as a function of time,</span>
  <span m='26590'>or the position as a function of time.</span> </p><p><span
  m='28680'>We'll use a technique called integration,</span> <span m='31260'>and
  let's see how that works.</span> </p><p><span m='34200'>To begin with, suppose
  we have a constant acceleration.</span> </p><p><span m='40530'>So our
  acceleration a of t is some constant a 0.</span> </p><p><span m='54170'>In
  that case, we know that this constant acceleration can</span> <span
  m='60300'>be written as the change in velocity</span> <span m='63120'>delta v
  over some time interval delta t,</span> <span m='68100'>and therefore that the
  change in velocity delta v over some time</span> <span m='73940'>interval
  delta t can just be written</span> <span m='76240'>as a 0 acceleration, the
  constant acceleration,</span> <span m='79670'>times the elapsed time delta
  t.</span> </p><p><span m='82580'>And we can see this graphically if I</span>
  <span m='85640'>plot acceleration versus time.</span> </p><p><span
  m='90810'>Here is my constant acceleration a 0.</span> </p><p><span
  m='94590'>Let's say this is time 0 and here is</span> <span m='98490'>the time
  delta t, the change in velocity, a 0 times delta t,</span> <span m='104270'>is
  just the area of this box, that box being defined</span> <span m='114320'>by
  the time interval 0 to delta t,</span> <span m='117210'>and it's the area
  under the curve, a 0.</span> </p><p><span m='121190'>So if we know the
  velocity at time 0</span> <span m='124650'>and we know the constant
  acceleration a 0,</span> <span m='127350'>we can calculate the velocity at any
  later time in this way,</span> <span m='131485'>because the change in velocity
  from that initial velocity</span> <span m='133860'>is given by a 0 times delta
  t.</span> </p><p><span m='138070'>Now let's consider a slightly more
  complicated example.</span> </p><p><span m='140530'>Suppose the acceleration
  isn't constant</span> <span m='143240'>but is changing linearly.</span>
  </p><p><span m='149660'>So for a linearly changing acceleration,</span> <span
  m='159760'>I can draw this graphically as well.</span> </p><p><span
  m='164570'>Here's acceleration.</span> </p><p><span m='166020'>This is time
  equals 0.</span> </p><p><span m='168110'>Suppose the acceleration is
  increasing linearly,</span> <span m='171460'>and I'll call this time delta
  t.</span> </p><p><span m='177760'>This is a of t.</span> </p><p><span
  m='180110'>Note that we can define an average acceleration</span> <span
  m='182860'>over the interval from 0 to delta t.</span> </p><p><span
  m='185910'>The average acceleration is the change</span> <span m='191540'>in
  velocity over the elapsed time.</span> </p><p><span m='198740'>That average
  acceleration will look something like that.</span> </p><p><span m='208720'>And
  so then the change in velocity, delta v,</span> <span m='212840'>is equal to
  the average acceleration</span> <span m='217560'>times the elapsed
  time.</span> </p><p><span m='221760'>And this time, notice from the diagram
  this product</span> <span m='227770'>is actually the area of this trapezoid
  that's basically</span> <span m='234579'>the area under the a of t function
  going</span> <span m='237030'>from 0 to delta t.</span> </p><p><span
  m='238860'>We've calculated it sort of as a rectangular area involving</span>
  <span m='241610'>the average acceleration, but that's also</span> <span
  m='243530'>equal to the area under the time changing acceleration
  function.</span> </p><p><span m='252550'>So this is, again, the area under a
  of t</span> <span m='259459'>over the time interval delta t.</span>
  </p><p><span m='264430'>Now let's consider a more generally changing
  acceleration</span> <span m='267830'>as a function of time.</span>
  </p><p><span m='269150'>So let me plot this.</span> </p><p><span m='275165'>So
  suppose we have just some general function-- I'll draw it</span> <span
  m='279880'>like this-- which is our acceleration</span> <span m='284120'>as a
  function of time.</span> </p><p><span m='286200'>The change in velocity will
  still</span> <span m='288860'>be the area under the curve a of t over the time
  interval</span> <span m='292870'>we're interested in.</span> </p><p><span
  m='294330'>So let's suppose we want to go from this time</span> <span
  m='296680'>here-- I'll call it t sub a-- and my ending</span> <span
  m='301150'>time will be t sub b.</span> </p><p><span m='304480'>So we're
  interested in figuring out</span> <span m='306090'>what the area under this
  curve is over the interval from t sub</span> <span m='311180'>a to t sub
  b.</span> </p><p><span m='312630'>We can estimate this by breaking up</span>
  <span m='315010'>the interval into a bunch of little rectangle.</span>
  </p><p><span m='317490'>Suppose I break this up into n rectangles just</span>
  <span m='320510'>under this curve.</span> </p><p><span m='326140'>And so this
  is 1, 2, 3, 4, et cetera, up to n.</span> </p><p><span m='331210'>And with
  each one, because this is a curved graph,</span> <span m='334250'>I can't get
  the rectangle to fit exactly so a little bit of it</span> <span
  m='338740'>will stick out at the top of each one.</span> </p><p><span
  m='342287'>I'm not going to go through that for all of these,</span> <span
  m='344370'>but you get the idea.</span> </p><p><span m='346140'>I'll fit these
  rectangles as well as I can.</span> </p><p><span m='348290'>The narrower I
  make the rectangles,</span> <span m='350790'>the more easily I can fit them
  under the curve.</span> </p><p><span m='353780'>For each strip, for each
  rectangular strip,</span> <span m='361680'>let's say from over box 1 from here
  to here,</span> <span m='366710'>the change in velocity is equal to the
  average velocity</span> <span m='375000'>over that time interval times the
  width</span> <span m='380010'>of that rectangle, delta t.</span> </p><p><span
  m='381510'>So that's the area of the strip.</span> </p><p><span
  m='387280'>Essentially what we're saying is that if we</span> <span
  m='389230'>make the rectangles narrow enough,</span> <span m='391690'>we can
  treat the acceleration, the curve of the acceleration,</span> <span
  m='396010'>as roughly constant over that interval.</span> </p><p><span
  m='399200'>And we can make n as big as we need</span> <span m='401140'>to to
  make those rectangles very, very narrow.</span> </p><p><span m='405470'>So in
  that case, we can estimate the total change in velocity</span> <span
  m='409540'>from time t sub a to time t sub b</span> <span m='412750'>by adding
  up the area of all of these rectangular strips.</span> </p><p><span
  m='416830'>So in that case, we write that.</span> </p><p><span m='418750'>The
  change in velocity-- so I'll say v sub</span> <span m='421290'>b minus v sub
  a-- that's the change of velocity going</span> <span m='424780'>from time a to
  time b-- is equal to the sum,</span> <span m='432330'>as j goes from 1 to n,
  of the area of each of these strips.</span> </p><p><span m='439230'>And so we
  want the acceleration at the i-th rectangle,</span> <span m='443660'>so that's
  a of t sub j times the width of the strip.</span> </p><p><span m='449940'>Each
  strip has the same width.</span> </p><p><span m='451390'>We'll just call that
  delta t.</span> </p><p><span m='454640'>And that's the area of n
  strips.</span> </p><p><span m='462210'>Now for a finite-- I really
  should</span> <span m='463860'>write this as approximately equal to--</span>
  <span m='466750'>because for a finite number of rectangular strips,</span>
  <span m='470610'>this is just an approximation, because as I mentioned,</span>
  <span m='473070'>the rectangles don't exactly fit under the curve.</span>
  </p><p><span m='476200'>They can't because the rectangle doesn't have a curved
  top,</span> <span m='479190'>but the function is curved.</span> </p><p><span
  m='481610'>But the narrower I make the rectangles,</span> <span m='484110'>or
  equivalently, the larger I make n,</span> <span m='487850'>the better the
  approximation will be.</span> </p><p><span m='489970'>So what I want to do is
  go to the limit of an infinite number</span> <span m='494090'>of rectangles,
  or equivalently, the limit</span> <span m='496720'>of infinitesimally narrow
  strips.</span> </p><p><span m='499820'>I want delta t to go to 0.</span>
  </p><p><span m='502310'>So to make this exact, what I would write</span> <span
  m='504420'>is that the change in velocity from time a to time b</span> <span
  m='509330'>is equal to the limit of the sum from j equals 1 to n</span> <span
  m='518760'>of the acceleration at time t sub j subject times delta t.</span>
  </p><p><span m='525410'>And we want to evaluate that limit as delta t goes to
  0,</span> <span m='530530'>or equivalently, as n, the number of
  rectangles,</span> <span m='534260'>goes to infinity.</span> </p><p><span
  m='537000'>Now this is a very important expression,</span> <span
  m='540080'>and we have a special way of writing it.</span> </p><p><span
  m='541950'>We can also write it as an integral.</span> </p><p><span
  m='545410'>So we write it as the integral of the function</span> <span
  m='549690'>a of t dt evaluated from time equals t sub a to time</span> <span
  m='560500'>equals t sub b.</span> </p><p><span m='563350'>And this is the area
  under the a of t curve, the exact area--</span> <span m='575710'>not the
  approximate area, but the exact area under the a</span> <span m='578113'>of t
  curve over the interval from t of a to t of b.</span> </p><p><span
  m='582060'>This limiting sum that we've written</span> <span m='585370'>this
  way on the right-hand side is called the definite integral</span> <span
  m='589110'>of a of t.</span> </p><p><span m='591640'>And it's related to the
  process of integration</span> <span m='596770'>that you've learned about in
  calculus,</span> <span m='598560'>which is the inverse of taking the
  derivative, the inverse</span> <span m='601750'>of differentiation.</span>
  </p><p><span m='603400'>I want to take a moment to summarize the basic
  principles</span> <span m='606400'>of integration from calculus.</span>
  </p><p><span m='609140'>Let's begin by considering a function</span> <span
  m='611230'>g of x with some derivative.</span> </p><p><span m='614370'>So
  consider a function g of x.</span> </p><p><span m='619889'>And let's assume
  it's a well-behaved function, by which</span> <span m='622180'>I mean that
  it's continuous and differentiable</span> <span m='624449'>over the interval
  that we're interested in.</span> </p><p><span m='626240'>So consider g of x
  with a derivative.</span> </p><p><span m='634800'>So dg dx equal to another
  function,</span> <span m='639820'>which I'll call f of x.</span> </p><p><span
  m='642600'>Now note that if I add a constant to g of x,</span> <span
  m='646460'>I'll still get the same derivative.</span> </p><p><span
  m='651040'>So note that the derivative with respect</span> <span m='653920'>to
  x of g of x plus a constant is still</span> <span m='664730'>equal to the same
  function f of x.</span> </p><p><span m='666820'>And this is because of the
  derivative of a constant</span> <span m='669340'>is equal to 0.</span>
  </p><p><span m='672040'>Now, suppose I want to invert this process.</span>
  </p><p><span m='675810'>Then I can write that the antiderivative</span> <span
  m='678040'>of f of x, the antiderivative of f</span> <span m='690432'>of x,
  which I'll write as the integral of f of x, dx,</span> <span m='699020'>is
  equal to g of x plus a constant.</span> </p><p><span m='708170'>The left-hand
  side of this we call an indefinite integral.</span> </p><p><span
  m='718220'>And so we see that if the derivative of g of x</span> <span
  m='722850'>is f of x plus a concert, the antiderivative of f of x</span> <span
  m='727080'>is g of x plus a constant.</span> </p><p><span m='731460'>And that
  can be any arbitrary constant.</span> </p><p><span m='734180'>Now in calculus,
  one learns how to calculate</span> <span m='737820'>the indefinite integral of
  various functions, polynomials,</span> <span m='742040'>trigonometric
  functions, logarithmic functions, et</span> <span m='744493'>cetera.</span>
  </p><p><span m='746840'>Calculus also shows us how to compute the definite
  integral.</span> </p><p><span m='754490'>So the definite integral, the
  integral of f of x, dx,</span> <span m='767130'>evaluated from x equals a to x
  equals b.</span> </p><p><span m='772330'>So this is the definite integral
  computed</span> <span m='774120'>over some interval that is equal to the
  antiderivative at x</span> <span m='784200'>equals b minus the antiderivative
  evaluated</span> <span m='788190'>at x equals a.</span> </p><p><span
  m='790206'>And this turns out to be the area under the curve</span> <span
  m='799750'>f of x in the interval between x equals a and x equals b.</span>
  </p><p><span m='809910'>Now notice that there is no arbitrary constant</span>
  <span m='812529'>in the definite integral.</span> </p><p><span m='813570'>In
  the indefinite integral, we have an arbitrary constant,</span> <span
  m='817180'>but in the definite integral, that arbitrary constant</span> <span
  m='819720'>is determined by setting the integration limits.</span>
  </p><p><span m='823310'>So there's no arbitrary constant.</span> </p><p><span
  m='824720'>We just have this difference.</span> </p><p><span m='827920'>And so
  just to see this graphically,</span> <span m='831280'>if I plot my function f
  of x and suppose</span> <span m='841050'>this is x equals a and this is x
  equals b,</span> <span m='846270'>this definite integral represents</span>
  <span m='848500'>the area under the curve f of x in the interval from x
  equals</span> <span m='855600'>a to x equals b.</span> </p><p><span
  m='858080'>So calculus tells us how to solve this area problem,</span> <span
  m='861290'>how to compute a definite integral,</span> <span m='863040'>from
  the antiderivative that you get</span> <span m='864890'>from indefinite
  integration.</span> </p><p><span m='867780'>And so this same technique tells
  us</span> <span m='870250'>how to determine the velocity from the
  acceleration,</span> <span m='875560'>since we saw that that was equivalent to
  an area</span> <span m='877880'>under the curve problem.</span> </p><p><span
  m='881050'>So to come back to the motion of objects,</span> <span
  m='883110'>we've shown that the change in velocity of an object</span> <span
  m='887020'>can be written as the definite integral of the acceleration.</span>
  </p><p><span m='890980'>So just to write that a little bit more</span> <span
  m='894070'>formally first with a plot, if this</span> <span m='899270'>is my
  acceleration as a function of time,</span> <span m='907400'>we know that the
  time derivative of the velocity</span> <span m='912480'>is equal to the
  acceleration as a function of time.</span> </p><p><span m='917790'>I can
  rewrite that as the differential dv is equal to a</span> <span m='926430'>of t
  times the differential dt.</span> </p><p><span m='932180'>And so then I can
  integrate both sides of this equation</span> <span m='936440'>by writing the
  integral over dv is</span> <span m='941920'>equal to the integral of the
  acceleration of a of t dt.</span> </p><p><span m='948370'>And I can go from
  time equals some initial time t 0</span> <span m='957080'>to time equal to
  some later time t sub</span> <span m='959790'>1 on the right-hand side to make
  a definite integral.</span> </p><p><span m='962979'>And then on the left-hand
  side the corresponding limits</span> <span m='965270'>are the velocity at time
  0-- I'll</span> <span m='968160'>call that v 0-- and the velocity at time 1,
  which I'll call v1.</span> </p><p><span m='974420'>So just to be clear, I'm
  assuming here</span> <span m='976940'>that v 0 is equal to the velocity at
  time t 0,</span> <span m='980920'>and v1 is equal to the velocity at time t
  sub 1.</span> </p><p><span m='986490'>So this is the integral of a constant
  over an interval of v.</span> </p><p><span m='990720'>This is an interval of
  the acceleration over the time</span> <span m='995410'>interval in t.</span>
  </p><p><span m='997140'>And so the left-hand side-- this is just v1 minus v
  0.</span> </p><p><span m='1004260'>And the right-hand side, without specifying
  a of t,</span> <span m='1007030'>I can't actually evaluate this
  integral.</span> </p><p><span m='1009080'>I can't specify what the
  antiderivative of a of t</span> <span m='1011230'>is unless I tell you what
  the function a of t is.</span> </p><p><span m='1014390'>So we'll just have to
  leave it in terms of an integral.</span> </p><p><span m='1016890'>And so
  that's just the integral of a of t dt from t</span> <span m='1023820'>equals t
  0 to t equals t sub 1.</span> </p><p><span m='1028160'>So again, this shows us
  that the change</span> <span m='1030300'>in the velocity from time t 0 to a
  later time t1</span> <span m='1034260'>is equal to the definite integral of
  a</span> <span m='1036719'>of t over that integral.</span> </p><p><span
  m='1039310'>I can rewrite this in terms of what the velocity is</span> <span
  m='1043260'>at some later time, t1, by writing the velocity at t1</span> <span
  m='1051070'>is equal to v 0 plus the integral of a of t dt from t</span> <span
  m='1061640'>equals t 0 to t equals t1.</span> </p><p><span m='1065340'>Note
  that T1 is just any later time after time t</span> <span m='1071380'>0, where
  we have the initial velocity.</span> </p><p><span m='1073710'>So a more
  convenient way of writing this function</span> <span m='1076720'>might be to
  write the velocity as a function</span> <span m='1079130'>of some later time
  t.</span> </p><p><span m='1081820'>So suppose I were to do that.</span>
  </p><p><span m='1083050'>I'll just rewrite this equation replacing t1</span>
  <span m='1085920'>with an arbitrary time t.</span> </p><p><span m='1088940'>So
  I have that v of t is equal to v</span> <span m='1093360'>0 plus the integral
  of a of t dt from t equals t0 to t equals t.</span> </p><p><span
  m='1108080'>Now there is something funny here,</span> <span
  m='1109950'>because I have t in the integration variable here.</span>
  </p><p><span m='1114540'>But I have t as one of my limits here as</span> <span
  m='1116550'>well, whereas if I look at this expression here,</span> <span
  m='1119980'>there's a difference between the t in the integration</span> <span
  m='1122230'>variable and the limit t1.</span> </p><p><span m='1124150'>They
  actually represent different things.</span> </p><p><span m='1125890'>So to
  keep track of that, the notation that we generally</span> <span
  m='1129520'>use in physics is to call this integration variable t prime</span>
  <span m='1132780'>and so we write this acceleration of t prime,</span> <span
  m='1135980'>dt prime, with the time t prime going from t 0</span> <span
  m='1141990'>to some later time t.</span> </p><p><span m='1145060'>Now one has
  to be cautious here.</span> </p><p><span m='1147510'>In some fields that prime
  on a variable</span> <span m='1151040'>is used to denote a derivative, a
  differentiation.</span> </p><p><span m='1154610'>That's not what it means
  here.</span> </p><p><span m='1156480'>I'm writing t prime just to distinguish
  it</span> <span m='1159360'>from the specific later time t that I want</span>
  <span m='1162380'>to calculate the velocity at.</span> </p><p><span
  m='1164120'>And it's worth thinking about what this expression means.</span>
  </p><p><span m='1166910'>This equation is identical to this earlier
  equation</span> <span m='1170340'>that we derived except for a change in
  notation.</span> </p><p><span m='1173077'>And so let's think about what that
  notation means.</span> </p><p><span m='1175160'>t prime here is the
  integration variable.</span> </p><p><span m='1178290'>It's a
  placeholder.</span> </p><p><span m='1179540'>Remember, the integral here, the
  definite integral,</span> <span m='1181850'>represents an infinite sum, an
  infinite sum of rectangles</span> <span m='1186780'>between a time t 0 and a
  later time t.</span> </p><p><span m='1194230'>And that variable t prime--
  actually, what I should do now</span> <span m='1197790'>is I should call this
  t prime.</span> </p><p><span m='1200970'>This variable t prime is taking every
  value from t 0 to t.</span> </p><p><span m='1206050'>So t prime is
  representing the running time variable</span> <span m='1209930'>for all of our
  strips that we're adding up</span> <span m='1212760'>over this definite
  integral.</span> </p><p><span m='1215160'>So it's a placeholder
  variable.</span> </p><p><span m='1216540'>We sometimes call it a dummy
  variable.</span> </p><p><span m='1218550'>It's just a placeholder to represent
  time,</span> <span m='1221780'>whereas t, the t in the limit here without the
  prime,</span> <span m='1225520'>represents a specific choice of later
  time,</span> <span m='1228320'>some later time t where we want to calculate
  the velocity.</span> </p><p><span m='1232000'>So we know the velocity at some
  initial time t 0.</span> </p><p><span m='1236670'>We'd like to know the
  velocity at some specific later time t.</span> </p><p><span m='1240730'>And to
  compute that, we have to integrate over</span> <span m='1243580'>all times
  running from t 0 to t.</span> </p><p><span m='1247360'>And that running
  integration variable</span> <span m='1249900'>we represent as t prime just to
  distinguish it</span> <span m='1252890'>from the specific time t that we are
  trying</span> <span m='1255660'>to compute the velocity for.</span>
  </p><p><span m='1258120'>So now in just the same way that we've</span> <span
  m='1259920'>obtained the velocity by integrating the acceleration,</span>
  <span m='1263790'>we can integrate again.</span> </p><p><span m='1264860'>We
  can integrate the velocity to calculate the position.</span> </p><p><span
  m='1269240'>So given v of t, we can show that the position at time t</span>
  <span m='1282010'>is equal to the position at time t</span> <span
  m='1284810'>0 plus the integral of the velocity as a function</span> <span
  m='1290620'>of time-- I'll write this as t prime-- dt</span> <span
  m='1293650'>prime going from t prime equals t 0 to t prime equals t.</span>
  </p><p><span m='1300280'>So this is exactly analogous to how we computed
  velocity</span> <span m='1303830'>from acceleration.</span> </p><p><span
  m='1304680'>By integrating a second time, we can go from velocity</span> <span
  m='1308620'>to position.</span> </p><p><span m='1310300'>So once we know the
  acceleration a of t,</span> <span m='1313410'>we can use integration to
  compute the velocity v of t</span> <span m='1317300'>if we know the velocity
  at some initial time t 0.</span> </p><p><span m='1321260'>And we can also
  compute the position x of t</span> <span m='1325420'>if we know the initial
  position at time t 0, x 0.</span> </p><p><span m='1330300'>So we see that
  given the acceleration,</span> <span m='1332780'>we can recover the velocity
  and the position.</span> </p><p><span m='1335940'>And as it happens, from
  Newton's Second Law,</span> <span m='1338320'>if we know the forces acting on
  an object,</span> <span m='1340840'>that gives us the ability to
  compute</span> <span m='1342970'>what the acceleration is.</span> </p><p><span
  m='1344332'>And then given the acceleration, we</span> <span m='1345790'>can
  use integration to find the velocity and the position.</span> </p>
embedded_media:
  - uid: 3bab9149aaad24bf85227a592d78f12d
    parent_uid: 08c4d5a6375da6f5e71178ac02d549e0
    id: Video-YouTube-Stream
    title: Video-YouTube-Stream
    type: Video
    media_location: H7xmTMQ265s
  - uid: 7104f60becbe6899167c6bc8e248cf55
    parent_uid: 08c4d5a6375da6f5e71178ac02d549e0
    id: Thumbnail-YouTube-JPG
    title: Thumbnail-YouTube-JPG
    type: Thumbnail
    media_location: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/H7xmTMQ265s/default.jpg'
  - uid: 28004846822bff01786dd56c33812e07
    parent_uid: 08c4d5a6375da6f5e71178ac02d549e0
    id: 3Play-3PlayYouTubeid-MP4
    title: 3Play-3Play YouTube id
    type: 3Play
    media_location: H7xmTMQ265s
  - uid: da8fdc6ac3607acfd006109f56f94b27
    parent_uid: 08c4d5a6375da6f5e71178ac02d549e0
    id: Video-iTunesU-MP4
    title: Video-iTunes U-MP4
    type: Video
    media_location: 'https://itunes.apple.com/us/itunes-u/id1223579658'
  - uid: 48e1a9cbd56c5186af66285d5e4a9061
    parent_uid: 08c4d5a6375da6f5e71178ac02d549e0
    id: Video-InternetArchive-MP4
    title: Video-Internet Archive-MP4
    type: Video
    media_location: 'https://archive.org/download/MIT8.01F16/MIT8_01F16_L02v04_360p.mp4'
  - uid: 36ecdce6dd79018e51b83e3b6fc7481e
    parent_uid: 08c4d5a6375da6f5e71178ac02d549e0
    id: H7xmTMQ265s.srt
    title: 3play caption file
    type: null
    technical_location: >-
      https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/week-1-kinematics/2.4-integration/2.4-integration/H7xmTMQ265s.srt
  - uid: c664d27fbecb99988ca7d8edf7c6f5c1
    parent_uid: 08c4d5a6375da6f5e71178ac02d549e0
    id: H7xmTMQ265s.pdf
    title: 3play pdf file
    type: null
    technical_location: >-
      https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/week-1-kinematics/2.4-integration/2.4-integration/H7xmTMQ265s.pdf
  - uid: d099f61a9db84768196247e0c0da15d8
    parent_uid: 08c4d5a6375da6f5e71178ac02d549e0
    id: Caption-3Play YouTube id-SRT
    title: Caption-3Play YouTube id-SRT-English - US
    type: Caption
  - uid: 0218dd32324a9e5e386217aa9eaa4022
    parent_uid: 08c4d5a6375da6f5e71178ac02d549e0
    id: Transcript-3Play YouTube id-PDF
    title: Transcript-3Play YouTube id-PDF-English - US
    type: Transcript
type: courses
layout: video
---
