site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253.md, before:

---
title: '4.2 Judge, Jury, and Classifier: An Introduction to Trees '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: b707db7f99009e83423e4911e4d83568_quick-question-253
    weight: 120
---
*   [<Judge, Jury, and Classifier: An Introduction to Trees]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees" %}})
*   [4.2.1Video 1: The Supreme Court]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees" %}})
*   [4.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253" %}})
*   [4.2.3Video 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})
*   [4.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258" %}})
*   [4.2.5Video 3: Splitting and Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-3-splitting-and-predictions" %}})
*   [4.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-267" %}})
*   [4.2.7Video 4: CART in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-4-cart-in-r" %}})
*   [4.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-281" %}})
*   [4.2.9Video 5: Random Forests]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-5-random-forests" %}})
*   [4.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-297" %}})
*   [4.2.11Video 6: Cross-Validation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-6-cross-validation" %}})
*   [4.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-306" %}})
*   [4.2.13Video 7: The Model v. The Experts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-7-the-model-v-the-experts" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

How much data do you think Andrew Martin should use to build his model?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Information from all cases with the same set of justices as those he is trying to predict. Data from cases where the justices were different might just add noise to our problem.&nbsp;

&nbsp;Only information from the most recent year. Since the justices change every year, only this information would be useful.&nbsp;

Explanation

Andrew Martin should use all data from the cases with the same set of justices. The justices do not change every year, and typically you want to use as much data as you have available.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackJudge, Jury, and Classifier: An Introduction to Trees]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253.md, after:

---
title: '4.2 Judge, Jury, and Classifier: An Introduction to Trees '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: b707db7f99009e83423e4911e4d83568_quick-question-253
    weight: 120
    parent: >-
      11f9b44dc2960689414b8c313764a18d_judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees
---
*   [<Judge, Jury, and Classifier: An Introduction to Trees]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees" %}})
*   [4.2.1Video 1: The Supreme Court]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees" %}})
*   [4.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253" %}})
*   [4.2.3Video 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})
*   [4.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258" %}})
*   [4.2.5Video 3: Splitting and Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-3-splitting-and-predictions" %}})
*   [4.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-267" %}})
*   [4.2.7Video 4: CART in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-4-cart-in-r" %}})
*   [4.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-281" %}})
*   [4.2.9Video 5: Random Forests]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-5-random-forests" %}})
*   [4.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-297" %}})
*   [4.2.11Video 6: Cross-Validation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-6-cross-validation" %}})
*   [4.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-306" %}})
*   [4.2.13Video 7: The Model v. The Experts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-7-the-model-v-the-experts" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

How much data do you think Andrew Martin should use to build his model?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Information from all cases with the same set of justices as those he is trying to predict. Data from cases where the justices were different might just add noise to our problem.&nbsp;

&nbsp;Only information from the most recent year. Since the justices change every year, only this information would be useful.&nbsp;

Explanation

Andrew Martin should use all data from the cases with the same set of justices. The justices do not change every year, and typically you want to use as much data as you have available.

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackJudge, Jury, and Classifier: An Introduction to Trees]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})
