site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258.md, before:

---
title: '4.2 Judge, Jury, and Classifier: An Introduction to Trees '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 076a36ddc951926fd5c99ccb41e476d9_quick-question-258
    weight: 140
---
*   [<Video 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})
*   [4.2.1Video 1: The Supreme Court]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees" %}})
*   [4.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253" %}})
*   [4.2.3Video 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})
*   [4.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258" %}})
*   [4.2.5Video 3: Splitting and Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-3-splitting-and-predictions" %}})
*   [4.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-267" %}})
*   [4.2.7Video 4: CART in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-4-cart-in-r" %}})
*   [4.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-281" %}})
*   [4.2.9Video 5: Random Forests]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-5-random-forests" %}})
*   [4.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-297" %}})
*   [4.2.11Video 6: Cross-Validation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-6-cross-validation" %}})
*   [4.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-306" %}})
*   [4.2.13Video 7: The Model v. The Experts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-7-the-model-v-the-experts" %}})
*   [\\>Video 3: Splitting and Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-3-splitting-and-predictions" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Suppose that you have the following CART tree:

![Example of a cart tree.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/b2eea6fba57db424a4844f679aee4bc9_QQ2_SupremeCourt.png)

How many splits are in this tree?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

For which data observations should we predict "Red", according to this tree? Select all that apply.

Exercise 2

&nbsp;If X is less than 60, and Y is any value.&nbsp;

&nbsp;If X is greater than or equal to 60, and Y is greater than or equal to 20.&nbsp;

&nbsp;If X is greater than or equal to 85, and Y is less than 20.&nbsp;

&nbsp;If X is greater than or equal to 60 and less than 85, and Y is less than 20.&nbsp;

Explanation

This tree has three splits. The first split says to predict "Red" if X is less than 60, regardless of the value of Y. Otherwise, we move to the second split. The second split says to check the value of Y - if it is greater than or equal to 20, predict "Gray". Otherwise, we move to the third split. This split checks the value of X again. If X is less than 85 (and greater than or equal to 60 by the first split) and Y is less than 20, then we predict "Red". Otherwise, we predict "Gray".

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 3: Splitting and Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-3-splitting-and-predictions" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258.md, after:

---
title: '4.2 Judge, Jury, and Classifier: An Introduction to Trees '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 076a36ddc951926fd5c99ccb41e476d9_quick-question-258
    weight: 140
    parent: >-
      11f9b44dc2960689414b8c313764a18d_judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees
---
*   [<Video 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})
*   [4.2.1Video 1: The Supreme Court]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees" %}})
*   [4.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253" %}})
*   [4.2.3Video 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})
*   [4.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258" %}})
*   [4.2.5Video 3: Splitting and Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-3-splitting-and-predictions" %}})
*   [4.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-267" %}})
*   [4.2.7Video 4: CART in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-4-cart-in-r" %}})
*   [4.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-281" %}})
*   [4.2.9Video 5: Random Forests]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-5-random-forests" %}})
*   [4.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-297" %}})
*   [4.2.11Video 6: Cross-Validation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-6-cross-validation" %}})
*   [4.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-306" %}})
*   [4.2.13Video 7: The Model v. The Experts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-7-the-model-v-the-experts" %}})
*   [\\>Video 3: Splitting and Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-3-splitting-and-predictions" %}})

Quick Question
--------------

Suppose that you have the following CART tree:

![Example of a cart tree.](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/b2eea6fba57db424a4844f679aee4bc9_QQ2_SupremeCourt.png)

How many splits are in this tree?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

For which data observations should we predict "Red", according to this tree? Select all that apply.

Exercise 2

&nbsp;If X is less than 60, and Y is any value.&nbsp;

&nbsp;If X is greater than or equal to 60, and Y is greater than or equal to 20.&nbsp;

&nbsp;If X is greater than or equal to 85, and Y is less than 20.&nbsp;

&nbsp;If X is greater than or equal to 60 and less than 85, and Y is less than 20.&nbsp;

Explanation

This tree has three splits. The first split says to predict "Red" if X is less than 60, regardless of the value of Y. Otherwise, we move to the second split. The second split says to check the value of Y - if it is greater than or equal to 20, predict "Gray". Otherwise, we move to the third split. This split checks the value of X again. If X is less than 85 (and greater than or equal to 60 by the first split) and Y is less than 20, then we predict "Red". Otherwise, we predict "Gray".

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 3: Splitting and Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-3-splitting-and-predictions" %}})
