site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart.md, before:

---
title: '4.2 Judge, Jury, and Classifier: An Introduction to Trees '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: fbeabfb3e0a4b479efe5ffb5d7cf5d4a_video-2-cart
    weight: 130
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253" %}})
*   [4.2.1Video 1: The Supreme Court]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees" %}})
*   [4.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253" %}})
*   [4.2.3Video 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})
*   [4.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258" %}})
*   [4.2.5Video 3: Splitting and Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-3-splitting-and-predictions" %}})
*   [4.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-267" %}})
*   [4.2.7Video 4: CART in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-4-cart-in-r" %}})
*   [4.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-281" %}})
*   [4.2.9Video 5: Random Forests]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-5-random-forests" %}})
*   [4.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-297" %}})
*   [4.2.11Video 6: Cross-Validation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-6-cross-validation" %}})
*   [4.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-306" %}})
*   [4.2.13Video 7: The Model v. The Experts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-7-the-model-v-the-experts" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258" %}})

Video 2: CART
-------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart.md, after:

---
title: '4.2 Judge, Jury, and Classifier: An Introduction to Trees '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: fbeabfb3e0a4b479efe5ffb5d7cf5d4a_video-2-cart
    weight: 130
    parent: >-
      11f9b44dc2960689414b8c313764a18d_judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253" %}})
*   [4.2.1Video 1: The Supreme Court]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees" %}})
*   [4.2.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253" %}})
*   [4.2.3Video 2: CART]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-2-cart" %}})
*   [4.2.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258" %}})
*   [4.2.5Video 3: Splitting and Predictions]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-3-splitting-and-predictions" %}})
*   [4.2.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-267" %}})
*   [4.2.7Video 4: CART in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-4-cart-in-r" %}})
*   [4.2.8Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-281" %}})
*   [4.2.9Video 5: Random Forests]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-5-random-forests" %}})
*   [4.2.10Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-297" %}})
*   [4.2.11Video 6: Cross-Validation]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-6-cross-validation" %}})
*   [4.2.12Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-306" %}})
*   [4.2.13Video 7: The Model v. The Experts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/video-7-the-model-v-the-experts" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258" %}})

Video 2: CART
-------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-253" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/trees/judge-jury-and-classifier-an-introduction-to-trees/quick-question-258" %}})
