site/content/courses/8-06-quantum-physics-iii-spring-2005/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 8-06-quantum-physics-iii-spring-2005
course_title: Quantum Physics III
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-06-quantum-physics-iii-spring-2005/6f396c617216f1b579547f1872052d4a_8-06s05.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>Together, this course and its predecessor, <a
  href="./resolveuid/4cc828ff9c6e246aa4a08f7c12251ced">8.05: Quantum Physics
  II</a>, cover quantum physics with applications drawn from modern physics.
  Topics in this course include units, time-independent approximation methods,
  the structure of one- and two-electron atoms, charged particles in a magnetic
  field, scattering, and time-dependent perturbation theory. In this second
  term, students are required to research and write a paper on a topic related
  to the content of 8.05 and 8.06.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Krishna Rajagopal
  departments:
    - Physics
  topics:
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Physics
      speciality: Quantum Mechanics
  course_numbers:
    - '8.06'
  term: Spring 2005
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  8-06-quantum-physics-iii-spring-2005:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/8-06-quantum-physics-iii-spring-2005/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 8-06-quantum-physics-iii-spring-2005
course_title: Quantum Physics III
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/8-06-quantum-physics-iii-spring-2005/6f396c617216f1b579547f1872052d4a_8-06s05.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: A montage of hand-drawn graphs demonstrating principals of quantum physics.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>Energy levels in a certain time-dependent three state system with two
  off-diagonal matrix elements &alpha; and the third zero, a spherical harmonic,
  and the Stark effect for n=3. (Image by&nbsp;Prof. Krishna Rajagopal.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>Together, this course and its predecessor, <a
  href="./resolveuid/4cc828ff9c6e246aa4a08f7c12251ced">8.05: Quantum Physics
  II</a>, cover quantum physics with applications drawn from modern physics.
  Topics in this course include units, time-independent approximation methods,
  the structure of one- and two-electron atoms, charged particles in a magnetic
  field, scattering, and time-dependent perturbation theory. In this second
  term, students are required to research and write a paper on a topic related
  to the content of 8.05 and 8.06.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Krishna Rajagopal
  departments:
    - Physics
  topics:
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Physics
      speciality: Quantum Mechanics
  course_numbers:
    - '8.06'
  term: Spring 2005
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  8-06-quantum-physics-iii-spring-2005:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
