site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-711.md, before:

---
title: '9.3 eHarmony: Maximizing the Probability of Love '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: ff041fd1d8ec57190e25cb482bdb9cd2_quick-question-711
    weight: 220
---
*   [<Video 3: Predicting Compatibility Scores]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-3-predicting-compatibility-scores" %}})
*   [9.3.1Video 1: The Goal of eHarmony]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love" %}})
*   [9.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-698" %}})
*   [9.3.3Video 2: Using Integer Optimization]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-2-using-integer-optimization" %}})
*   [9.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-703" %}})
*   [9.3.5Video 3: Predicting Compatibility Scores]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-3-predicting-compatibility-scores" %}})
*   [9.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-711" %}})
*   [9.3.7Video 4: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-4-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-4-the-analytics-edge" %}})

On slide 4 of the previous video, we gave the following confusion matrix to predict compatibility between users:

| ACT\\Pred | 0 | 1 |
| 0 | 1030 | 227 |
| 1 | 126 | 92 

Quick Question
--------------

What is the accuracy of the model, according to the confusion matrix above?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

The accuracy of the model is (1030+92)/(1030+227+126+92) = 0.76

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: Predicting Compatibility Scores]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-3-predicting-compatibility-scores" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-4-the-analytics-edge" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-711.md, after:

---
title: '9.3 eHarmony: Maximizing the Probability of Love '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: ff041fd1d8ec57190e25cb482bdb9cd2_quick-question-711
    weight: 220
    parent: >-
      11e612d89845c6c96a7307cebaa24191_eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love
---
*   [<Video 3: Predicting Compatibility Scores]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-3-predicting-compatibility-scores" %}})
*   [9.3.1Video 1: The Goal of eHarmony]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love" %}})
*   [9.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-698" %}})
*   [9.3.3Video 2: Using Integer Optimization]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-2-using-integer-optimization" %}})
*   [9.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-703" %}})
*   [9.3.5Video 3: Predicting Compatibility Scores]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-3-predicting-compatibility-scores" %}})
*   [9.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-711" %}})
*   [9.3.7Video 4: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-4-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Video 4: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-4-the-analytics-edge" %}})

On slide 4 of the previous video, we gave the following confusion matrix to predict compatibility between users:

| ACT\\Pred | 0 | 1 |
| 0 | 1030 | 227 |
| 1 | 126 | 92 

Quick Question
--------------

What is the accuracy of the model, according to the confusion matrix above?

Exercise 1

&nbsp;Numerical Response&nbsp;

Explanation

The accuracy of the model is (1030+92)/(1030+227+126+92) = 0.76

CheckShow Answer

*   [BackVideo 3: Predicting Compatibility Scores]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-3-predicting-compatibility-scores" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 4: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-4-the-analytics-edge" %}})
