site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-2-using-integer-optimization.md, before:

---
title: '9.3 eHarmony: Maximizing the Probability of Love '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 53b49e57bb91291ac131759296912fa6_video-2-using-integer-optimization
    weight: 190
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-698" %}})
*   [9.3.1Video 1: The Goal of eHarmony]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love" %}})
*   [9.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-698" %}})
*   [9.3.3Video 2: Using Integer Optimization]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-2-using-integer-optimization" %}})
*   [9.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-703" %}})
*   [9.3.5Video 3: Predicting Compatibility Scores]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-3-predicting-compatibility-scores" %}})
*   [9.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-711" %}})
*   [9.3.7Video 4: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-4-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-703" %}})

Video 2: Using Integer Optimization
-----------------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-698" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-703" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-2-using-integer-optimization.md, after:

---
title: '9.3 eHarmony: Maximizing the Probability of Love '
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 53b49e57bb91291ac131759296912fa6_video-2-using-integer-optimization
    weight: 190
    parent: >-
      11e612d89845c6c96a7307cebaa24191_eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love
---
*   [<Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-698" %}})
*   [9.3.1Video 1: The Goal of eHarmony]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love" %}})
*   [9.3.2Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-698" %}})
*   [9.3.3Video 2: Using Integer Optimization]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-2-using-integer-optimization" %}})
*   [9.3.4Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-703" %}})
*   [9.3.5Video 3: Predicting Compatibility Scores]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-3-predicting-compatibility-scores" %}})
*   [9.3.6Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-711" %}})
*   [9.3.7Video 4: The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/video-4-the-analytics-edge" %}})
*   [\\>Quick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-703" %}})

Video 2: Using Integer Optimization
-----------------------------------

*   [BackQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-698" %}})
*   [ContinueQuick Question]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/integer-optimization/eharmony-maximizing-the-probability-of-love/quick-question-703" %}})
