site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-1-introduction.md, before:

---
title: '7.4 The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly: Visualization Recitation  (Recitation)'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 8d5ffa6bd6d68dfae0e2c923557e22af_video-1-introduction
    weight: 170
---
*   [<The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly: Visualization Recitation (Recitation)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation" %}})
*   [7.4.1Welcome to Recitation 7]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation" %}})
*   [7.4.2Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-1-introduction" %}})
*   [7.4.3Video 2: Pie Charts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-2-pie-charts" %}})
*   [7.4.4Video 3: Bar Charts in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-3-bar-charts-in-r" %}})
*   [7.4.5Video 4: A Better Visualization]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-4-a-better-visualization" %}})
*   [7.4.6Video 5: World Maps in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-5-world-maps-in-r" %}})
*   [7.4.7Video 6: Scales]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-6-scales" %}})
*   [7.4.8Video 7: Using Line Charts Instead]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-7-using-line-charts-instead" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Pie Charts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-2-pie-charts" %}})

Video 1: Introduction
---------------------

The slides from all videos in this Recitation can be downloaded here: [Bad vs. Good Visualizations﻿ (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/e2772a671376cfd33a44edea7e17ebd8_MIT15_071S17_Unit7_Recitation.pdf).

*   [BackThe Good, the Bad, and the Ugly: Visualization Recitation (Recitation)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Pie Charts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-2-pie-charts" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-1-introduction.md, after:

---
title: '7.4 The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly: Visualization Recitation  (Recitation)'
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: 8d5ffa6bd6d68dfae0e2c923557e22af_video-1-introduction
    weight: 170
    parent: >-
      0af39afbaff0a226a397da1206ecd712_the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation
---
*   [<The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly: Visualization Recitation (Recitation)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation" %}})
*   [7.4.1Welcome to Recitation 7]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation" %}})
*   [7.4.2Video 1: Introduction]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-1-introduction" %}})
*   [7.4.3Video 2: Pie Charts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-2-pie-charts" %}})
*   [7.4.4Video 3: Bar Charts in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-3-bar-charts-in-r" %}})
*   [7.4.5Video 4: A Better Visualization]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-4-a-better-visualization" %}})
*   [7.4.6Video 5: World Maps in R]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-5-world-maps-in-r" %}})
*   [7.4.7Video 6: Scales]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-6-scales" %}})
*   [7.4.8Video 7: Using Line Charts Instead]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-7-using-line-charts-instead" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Pie Charts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-2-pie-charts" %}})

Video 1: Introduction
---------------------

The slides from all videos in this Recitation can be downloaded here: [Bad vs. Good Visualizations﻿ (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/e2772a671376cfd33a44edea7e17ebd8_MIT15_071S17_Unit7_Recitation.pdf).

*   [BackThe Good, the Bad, and the Ugly: Visualization Recitation (Recitation)]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Pie Charts]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/visualization/the-good-the-bad-and-the-ugly-visualization-recitation-recitation/video-2-pie-charts" %}})
