site/content/courses/20-219-becoming-the-next-bill-nye-writing-and-hosting-the-educational-show-january-iap-2015/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: >-
  20-219-becoming-the-next-bill-nye-writing-and-hosting-the-educational-show-january-iap-2015
course_title: 'Becoming the Next Bill Nye: Writing and Hosting the Educational Show'
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p><em>Becoming the Next <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Nye">Bill
  Nye</a></em> is about using video production techniques to develop your
  ability to engagingly convey your passions for science, technology,
  engineering, and / or math. You'll have the opportunity to script and
  on-screen host 5-minute YouTube science, technology, engineering, and / or
  math-related shows to inspire youth to consider a future in science.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Ceri Riley
    - Prof. Elizabeth Choe
    - Prof. Joshua Gunn
    - Prof. Jaime Goldstein
    - Prof. Natalie Kuldell
    - Prof. George Zaidan
    - Prof. Chris Boebel
  departments:
    - Biological Engineering
  topics:
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Media Studies
      speciality: Digital Media
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Visual Arts
      speciality: Film and Video
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Communication
    - topic: Teaching and Education
      subtopic: Curriculum and Teaching
    - topic: Teaching and Education
      subtopic: Educational Technology
  course_numbers:
    - '20.219'
  term: January IAP 2015
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  20-219-becoming-the-next-bill-nye-writing-and-hosting-the-educational-show-january-iap-2015:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/20-219-becoming-the-next-bill-nye-writing-and-hosting-the-educational-show-january-iap-2015/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: >-
  20-219-becoming-the-next-bill-nye-writing-and-hosting-the-educational-show-january-iap-2015
course_title: 'Becoming the Next Bill Nye: Writing and Hosting the Educational Show'
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: A woman in an MIT shirt being filmed by a crew.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>MIT Sloan Fellow Andrea Desrosiers is making an educational video about
  orthodontics. (Photograph courtesy of Elizabeth Choe.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p><em>Becoming the Next <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bill_Nye">Bill
  Nye</a></em> is about using video production techniques to develop your
  ability to engagingly convey your passions for science, technology,
  engineering, and / or math. You'll have the opportunity to script and
  on-screen host 5-minute YouTube science, technology, engineering, and / or
  math-related shows to inspire youth to consider a future in science.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Ceri Riley
    - Prof. Elizabeth Choe
    - Prof. Joshua Gunn
    - Prof. Jaime Goldstein
    - Prof. Natalie Kuldell
    - Prof. George Zaidan
    - Prof. Chris Boebel
  departments:
    - Biological Engineering
  topics:
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Media Studies
      speciality: Digital Media
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Visual Arts
      speciality: Film and Video
    - topic: Social Science
      subtopic: Communication
    - topic: Teaching and Education
      subtopic: Curriculum and Teaching
    - topic: Teaching and Education
      subtopic: Educational Technology
  course_numbers:
    - '20.219'
  term: January IAP 2015
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  20-219-becoming-the-next-bill-nye-writing-and-hosting-the-educational-show-january-iap-2015:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
