site/content/courses/12-001-introduction-to-geology-fall-2013/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 12-001-introduction-to-geology-fall-2013
course_title: Introduction to Geology
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/12-001-introduction-to-geology-fall-2013/76ea2d54123485055dd1e6621b9edf6a_12-001f13.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>Geology is the core discipline of the earth sciences and encompasses many
  different phenomena, including plate tectonics and mountain building,
  volcanoes and earthquakes, and the long-term evolution of Earth&rsquo;s
  atmosphere, surface and life. Because of the ever-increasing demand for
  resources, the growing exposure to natural hazards, and the changing climate,
  geology is of considerable societal relevance. This course introduces students
  to the basics of geology. Through a combination of lectures, labs, and field
  observations, we will address topics ranging from mineral and rock
  identification to the origin of the continents, from geologic mapping to plate
  tectonics, and from erosion by rivers and glaciers to the history of life.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Oliver Jagoutz
    - Prof. Taylor Perron
  departments:
    - 'Earth, Atmospheric, and Planetary Sciences'
  topics:
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Earth Science
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Earth Science
      speciality: Geology
  course_numbers:
    - '12.001'
  term: Fall 2013
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  12-001-introduction-to-geology-fall-2013:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text. (#96)

site/content/courses/12-001-introduction-to-geology-fall-2013/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 12-001-introduction-to-geology-fall-2013
course_title: Introduction to Geology
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/12-001-introduction-to-geology-fall-2013/76ea2d54123485055dd1e6621b9edf6a_12-001f13.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: >-
  A map of North America with colors that represent the ages of the underlying
  rocks.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>The North America Tapestry of Time and Terrain. This map is a portrait of
  the land surface of North America and the ages of its underlying rock
  formations. This digital tapestry outlines the geologic story of continental
  collision and break-up, mountain-building, river erosion and deposition,
  ice-cap glaciation, volcanism, and other events and processes that have shaped
  the region over the last 2.6 billion years. (Image and text courtesy of the <a
  href="http://www.usgs.gov/">U.S. Geological Survey</a>.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>Geology is the core discipline of the earth sciences and encompasses many
  different phenomena, including plate tectonics and mountain building,
  volcanoes and earthquakes, and the long-term evolution of Earth&rsquo;s
  atmosphere, surface and life. Because of the ever-increasing demand for
  resources, the growing exposure to natural hazards, and the changing climate,
  geology is of considerable societal relevance. This course introduces students
  to the basics of geology. Through a combination of lectures, labs, and field
  observations, we will address topics ranging from mineral and rock
  identification to the origin of the continents, from geologic mapping to plate
  tectonics, and from erosion by rivers and glaciers to the history of life.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Oliver Jagoutz
    - Prof. Taylor Perron
  departments:
    - 'Earth, Atmospheric, and Planetary Sciences'
  topics:
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Earth Science
    - topic: Science
      subtopic: Earth Science
      speciality: Geology
  course_numbers:
    - '12.001'
  term: Fall 2013
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  12-001-introduction-to-geology-fall-2013:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
