site/content/courses/6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015
course_title: Mathematics for Computer Science
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015/bf5ded2292dd7af14f942dfa6ad4f96c_6-042js15.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>This subject offers an interactive introduction to discrete mathematics
  oriented toward computer science and engineering. The subject coverage divides
  roughly into thirds:</p> <ol>     <li>Fundamental concepts of mathematics:
  Definitions, proofs, sets, functions, relations.</li>     <li>Discrete
  structures: graphs, state machines, modular arithmetic, counting.</li>    
  <li>Discrete probability theory.</li> </ol> <p>On completion of 6.042J,
  students will be able to explain and apply the basic methods of discrete
  (noncontinuous) mathematics in computer science. They will be able to use
  these methods in subsequent courses in the design and analysis of algorithms,
  computability theory, software engineering, and computer
  systems.</p><p>Interactive site components can be found on the Unit pages in
  the left-hand navigational bar, starting with <a
  href="./resolveuid/95af5c7b87a2e15790a7ad18331a125f">Unit 1: Proofs</a>.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Albert Meyer
    - Prof. Adam Chlipala
  departments:
    - Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
    - Mathematics
  topics:
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
    - topic: Mathematics
      subtopic: Applied Mathematics
    - topic: Mathematics
      subtopic: Probability and Statistics
  course_numbers:
    - '6.042'
    - 18.062J
  term: Spring 2015
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text. (#96)

site/content/courses/6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015
course_title: Mathematics for Computer Science
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015/bf5ded2292dd7af14f942dfa6ad4f96c_6-042js15.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: '6.042 course logo: 4 by 4 square with numbers in each square.'
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>6.042 serves as an introduction to discrete mathematics, probability, and
  mathematical thinking for computer scientists. (Image by OpenCourseWare, based
  on an image by Nick Matsakis.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>This subject offers an interactive introduction to discrete mathematics
  oriented toward computer science and engineering. The subject coverage divides
  roughly into thirds:</p> <ol>     <li>Fundamental concepts of mathematics:
  Definitions, proofs, sets, functions, relations.</li>     <li>Discrete
  structures: graphs, state machines, modular arithmetic, counting.</li>    
  <li>Discrete probability theory.</li> </ol> <p>On completion of 6.042J,
  students will be able to explain and apply the basic methods of discrete
  (noncontinuous) mathematics in computer science. They will be able to use
  these methods in subsequent courses in the design and analysis of algorithms,
  computability theory, software engineering, and computer
  systems.</p><p>Interactive site components can be found on the Unit pages in
  the left-hand navigational bar, starting with <a
  href="./resolveuid/95af5c7b87a2e15790a7ad18331a125f">Unit 1: Proofs</a>.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Albert Meyer
    - Prof. Adam Chlipala
  departments:
    - Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
    - Mathematics
  topics:
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
    - topic: Mathematics
      subtopic: Applied Mathematics
    - topic: Mathematics
      subtopic: Probability and Statistics
  course_numbers:
    - '6.042'
    - 18.062J
  term: Spring 2015
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  6-042j-mathematics-for-computer-science-spring-2015:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
