---
title: 13.2 Differential Analysis of a Massive Rope
uid: 0c8e7d5327e985511f8df76215f8a26e
parent_uid: 4e199c9d728f2361dba9e6d3e7975c88
technical_location: >-
  https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/week-4-drag-forces-constraints-and-continuous-systems/13.2-differential-analysis-of-a-massive-rope/13.2-differential-analysis-of-a-massive-rope
short_url: 13.2-differential-analysis-of-a-massive-rope
inline_embed_id: 4222018413.2differentialanalysisofamassiverope92381139
about_this_resource_text: '<p><strong>Instructor:</strong> Prof. Deepto Chakrabarty</p>'
related_resources_text: ''
transcript: >-
  <p><span m='3250'>We've seen previously that if a rope is under tension</span>
  <span m='6260'>and we approximate the rope is massless</span> <span
  m='8590'>that the tension is then uniform everywhere along the rope,</span>
  <span m='11620'>even if the rope is accelerated.</span> </p><p><span
  m='13680'>However, if the rope has nonzero mass,</span> <span m='17370'>then
  its tension will vary along its length.</span> </p><p><span m='20610'>We can
  see that by looking at this example.</span> </p><p><span m='23950'>Imagine we
  have a massive rope of length l suspended</span> <span m='34400'>from a
  ceiling.</span> </p><p><span m='38280'>Now, it's easy to see that, at the top
  of the rope,</span> <span m='44800'>a little element of rope right at the
  top</span> <span m='47070'>has to support the entire weight of the entire
  rope.</span> </p><p><span m='50720'>So if I were to examine just a little
  piece at the top here,</span> <span m='57750'>the weight of the entire rope
  would be acting downwards.</span> </p><p><span m='61640'>And for the rope to
  remain stationary,</span> <span m='63450'>there has to be a tension
  upward.</span> </p><p><span m='65690'>I'll call this t-top, because this is at
  the top of the rope.</span> </p><p><span m='70100'>And so we see immediately
  from that</span> <span m='72200'>that at the top of the rope, the
  tension</span> <span m='74780'>is just equal to mg, where m is the mass of the
  entire rope.</span> </p><p><span m='79720'>Similarly, if we asked what the
  tension is</span> <span m='81610'>at the bottom of the rope, an element
  right</span> <span m='84611'>at the bottom of the rope isn't supporting any
  weight,</span> <span m='86860'>because there is no weight below it.</span>
  </p><p><span m='88460'>And so at the bottom, the tension</span> <span
  m='96100'>is 0, because there is no weight pulling</span> <span m='100229'>on
  the bottom of the rope.</span> </p><p><span m='101880'>So the tension is going
  to vary from mg at the top down to 0</span> <span m='105700'>at the
  bottom.</span> </p><p><span m='106520'>And if we wanted to work out at some
  distance</span> <span m='109509'>from the ceiling-- let's call it x--</span>
  <span m='113370'>at some position x-- say here, what the tension is</span>
  <span m='116660'>at that point-- one way of figuring that out would
  just</span> <span m='119610'>be imagine we cut the rope at this point</span>
  <span m='122540'>and then asked what tension force</span> <span
  m='125140'>would be necessary to support this bottom part of the rope.</span>
  </p><p><span m='132770'>This length is l minus x, so the mass</span> <span
  m='136280'>of that fraction of the rope is l minus x over l.</span>
  </p><p><span m='143010'>And the mass of that fraction of the rope</span> <span
  m='146260'>is that fraction times m.</span> </p><p><span m='149010'>And so the
  tension at this point, t at x,</span> <span m='153980'>is equal to the weight
  of the length of rope</span> <span m='158390'>below that point.</span>
  </p><p><span m='159260'>So that's this mass times g.</span> </p><p><span
  m='162980'>And I can rewrite that as 1 minus x over l times mg.</span>
  </p><p><span m='171740'>And this gives me mg if I put in x equals 0,</span>
  <span m='175750'>and it gives me 0 if I put in x equals l.</span> </p><p><span
  m='178020'>So that's one way of figuring this out.</span> </p><p><span
  m='180360'>I'd like to use this same example, though,</span> <span
  m='182670'>to introduce another, more elegant way of analyzing</span> <span
  m='187590'>what the tension as a function of a position on this rope.</span>
  </p><p><span m='190260'>The advantage-- so this is going to be a little bit
  more</span> <span m='193210'>complicated, but it's a much more powerful
  method,</span> <span m='195780'>and it's one that we can generally</span>
  <span m='197200'>use for any continuous distribution of mass as opposed</span>
  <span m='200540'>to a point mass.</span> </p><p><span m='204030'>So let's
  consider the same example again of a hanging mass</span> <span m='207675'>of
  rope of length l and mass m.</span> </p><p><span m='216786'>Here's the length
  l and the mass m.</span> </p><p><span m='221462'>And the approach we're going
  to use</span> <span m='222920'>is called differential analysis.</span>
  </p><p><span m='224470'>It's a technique from calculus, and it's</span> <span
  m='226160'>applicable to any continuous distribution of mass.</span>
  </p><p><span m='228706'>What we're going to do is imagine</span> <span
  m='230079'>our continuous distribution of mass</span> <span m='231940'>is made
  up of a whole bunch of little pieces, little elements,</span> <span
  m='237230'>examine f equals ma acting on a single element,</span> <span
  m='241130'>and then generalize to the entire mass.</span> </p><p><span
  m='244550'>So let's do that here.</span> </p><p><span m='246090'>What we'll do
  is we'll examine a piece at some position x.</span> </p><p><span m='255680'>So
  I'm measuring x from the top.</span> </p><p><span m='259790'>And let's say I
  define a little element here,</span> <span m='265450'>which is that of
  position x and which has an extent delta x.</span> </p><p><span m='272430'>So
  this thickness is delta x, and we'll</span> <span m='274560'>call the mass of
  that little piece, that little element,</span> <span m='279880'>delta
  m.</span> </p><p><span m='281281'>Now, one thing I want to point out to begin
  with</span> <span m='283280'>is that we want to pick an element that's
  somewhere</span> <span m='286724'>in the middle of the distribution,</span>
  <span m='288140'>not at one end or the other.</span> </p><p><span
  m='289360'>The endpoints are special cases, so we</span> <span m='291430'>want
  to pick a general case.</span> </p><p><span m='293370'>So choose some x
  somewhere in the middle of our distribution</span> <span m='296300'>which has
  a finite extent.</span> </p><p><span m='297480'>That extent is delta x.</span>
  </p><p><span m='299110'>In this case, we'll assume that that piece delta
  x</span> <span m='301460'>has a mass delta m.</span> </p><p><span
  m='302940'>So let's blow that up here and analyze it.</span> </p><p><span
  m='305720'>So here is my element.</span> </p><p><span m='311650'>And it's
  going to have-- let's analyze what</span> <span m='314370'>the forces acting
  on it are.</span> </p><p><span m='316010'>So there's gravity acting
  downwards,</span> <span m='319370'>which will be delta m times g.</span>
  </p><p><span m='324390'>There is a tension acting upwards,</span> <span
  m='326650'>exerted by the rope above it.</span> </p><p><span m='332150'>I'll
  write that as t of x, because it's at the location x.</span> </p><p><span
  m='338670'>There's also a tension exerted in the downward direction</span>
  <span m='341820'>by the remainder of the rope below the mass element.</span>
  </p><p><span m='348300'>And I'll call that t of x plus delta x.</span>
  </p><p><span m='352190'>We expect the tension to vary along the rope.</span>
  </p><p><span m='355030'>And because this element does have a finite
  extent,</span> <span m='358234'>the tension at the bottom is going</span>
  <span m='359650'>to be slightly different than the tension at the top-</span>
  <span m='362180'>so t of x upwards, t of x plus delta x downwards,</span>
  <span m='365390'>and then the weight downwards.</span> </p><p><span
  m='368820'>So let's now-- that's our free body diagram.</span> </p><p><span
  m='371210'>Let's write down Newton's second law,</span> <span m='373750'>f
  equals ma for that mass element.</span> </p><p><span m='376340'>So in the
  positive direction, which is downward,</span> <span m='381180'>we have t of x
  plus delta x plus delta mg.</span> </p><p><span m='389291'>And then in the
  upward or minus direction,</span> <span m='391040'>we have minus t of
  x.</span> </p><p><span m='394180'>So those are the combined forces.</span>
  </p><p><span m='396610'>Now, this rope is suspended.</span> </p><p><span
  m='398000'>It's not moving.</span> </p><p><span m='399420'>And so mass object
  acceleration is just 0.</span> </p><p><span m='403530'>I'm going to rearrange
  that.</span> </p><p><span m='405770'>I can write that as t of x plus delta x
  minus t of x</span> <span m='411710'>is equal to minus delta m times g.</span>
  </p><p><span m='417640'>And by the way, let me remind you--</span> <span
  m='419409'>if this were a massless rope, then delta n would be 0.</span>
  </p><p><span m='424447'>And so the right-hand side would be 0,</span> <span
  m='426030'>and the tension would be uniform.</span> </p><p><span
  m='427405'>We'd have the same tension above and below.</span> </p><p><span
  m='430050'>But because the rope does have mass,</span> <span m='432080'>and in
  particular, this element has a nonzero mass delta m,</span> <span
  m='435590'>there is a difference in the tensions.</span> </p><p><span
  m='437830'>OK.</span> </p><p><span m='438410'>Now, our delta m can be
  represented in terms</span> <span m='443890'>of what this length is.</span>
  </p><p><span m='445450'>Notice that that mass, delta m-- so note that delta
  m</span> <span m='453130'>is just a fraction of the total mass</span> <span
  m='457220'>that's in that particular mass element.</span> </p><p><span
  m='458960'>Well, the fraction of the total rope</span> <span m='462210'>is
  just the length of this element, delta x,</span> <span m='466980'>divided by
  the length of the entire rope, which is l.</span> </p><p><span m='469830'>So
  that's the fraction, and I multiply that</span> <span m='471780'>by the total
  mass.</span> </p><p><span m='473270'>So that is my mass delta m in terms of
  the length.</span> </p><p><span m='477659'>So now I can rewrite this
  equation</span> <span m='481420'>as t of x plus delta x minus t of x</span>
  <span m='489030'>is equal to minus delta x m over l times g.</span>
  </p><p><span m='501830'>Now, I'm going to rearrange this by dividing</span>
  <span m='505870'>both sides by delta x.</span> </p><p><span m='507049'>I'll do
  that over here.</span> </p><p><span m='512120'>So we have t of x plus delta x
  minus t</span> <span m='520409'>of x divided by delta x is equal to minus mg
  over l.</span> </p><p><span m='529380'>This tells us how the tension is
  varying</span> <span m='532180'>over this small but finite-sized mass element,
  delta x.</span> </p><p><span m='537890'>Now I'd like to examine what
  happens</span> <span m='540610'>if I go to the limit of a small-massed
  element--</span> <span m='544590'>the limit as delta x goes to 0, or in other
  words,</span> <span m='548440'>the limit of an infinitesimally small mass
  element.</span> </p><p><span m='550980'>So I'm going to take the limit of this
  equation</span> <span m='557040'>as delta x approaches 0.</span> </p><p><span
  m='559720'>Now, the left-hand side of this equation should look
  familiar.</span> </p><p><span m='562370'>It's just an expression for the
  derivative of the tension</span> <span m='566040'>t as a function of
  position.</span> </p><p><span m='568380'>So I can write that as dt dx, and
  that's</span> <span m='573470'>equal to minus mg over l.</span> </p><p><span
  m='578650'>This is an example of a differential equation,</span> <span
  m='581100'>or an equation that involves a derivative.</span> </p><p><span
  m='583669'>This particular differential equation</span> <span m='585210'>can
  be solved very simply by a technique called</span> <span m='587685'>the
  separation of variables, where I just</span> <span m='590030'>take each part
  of the integral-- the dt and the dx--</span> <span m='592720'>and put it on
  different sides of the equation</span> <span m='595440'>and then integrate
  both sides of the equation</span> <span m='597610'>to find the
  solution.</span> </p><p><span m='598850'>So in this case, I'll multiply both
  sides of the equation</span> <span m='601260'>by dx.</span> </p><p><span
  m='602460'>So I get dt on the left-hand side</span> <span m='605550'>is equal
  to minus mg over l dx.</span> </p><p><span m='612260'>And now I want to
  integrate both sides.</span> </p><p><span m='614640'>So I'll integrate this
  side.</span> </p><p><span m='617790'>And remember, mg over l is a
  constant,</span> <span m='619450'>so I can keep it outside the
  integral.</span> </p><p><span m='621033'>And I'll integrate this side.</span>
  </p><p><span m='623210'>I'm going to do a definite integral</span> <span
  m='625180'>over the continuous distribution that I'm studying.</span>
  </p><p><span m='628670'>So on the right-hand side, I'm going to start at x
  equals 0</span> <span m='634370'>and go to my position of interest, which is
  x.</span> </p><p><span m='637466'>And to avoid confusion, I'm going</span>
  <span m='638840'>to call the integration viable dx prime.</span> </p><p><span
  m='640680'>This is a dummy variable.</span> </p><p><span m='642280'>So x prime
  here represents all the values of position,</span> <span m='648900'>ranging
  from my first endpoint 0 up to my other endpoint x.</span> </p><p><span
  m='654030'>So x here represents a particular position,</span> <span
  m='656410'>whereas dx prime is a placeholder</span> <span m='659290'>for all
  the positions between the two</span> <span m='661330'>endpoints in my infinite
  sum, which is an integral.</span> </p><p><span m='664820'>So that's on the
  right-hand side.</span> </p><p><span m='666440'>On the left-hand side, I'm
  integrating the tension t,</span> <span m='669590'>with respect to the tension
  t.</span> </p><p><span m='671130'>My limits need to correspond to the
  limits</span> <span m='674080'>on the right-hand side integral.</span>
  </p><p><span m='676160'>So on the right-hand side, my lower limit is at x
  equals 0.</span> </p><p><span m='679750'>So on the left-hand side, I want to
  have</span> <span m='683010'>my lower limit be the tension at that position x
  equals 0.</span> </p><p><span m='686400'>So that's t of 0.</span> </p><p><span
  m='689990'>And then the upper limit of the integral</span> <span m='692880'>is
  the tension at the upper limit of the position integral,</span> <span
  m='695930'>so that's t of x.</span> </p><p><span m='698754'>And again, to
  avoid confusion, I'm</span> <span m='700170'>actually going to call the
  integration variable dt prime.</span> </p><p><span m='702909'>This is a dummy
  variable.</span> </p><p><span m='703950'>It's a placeholder for all the
  values</span> <span m='706360'>of tension from the tension at x equals
  0</span> <span m='709560'>to the tension at my position of interest x.</span>
  </p><p><span m='713860'>And so this integral now tells me</span> <span
  m='716370'>how the tension is varying in a continuous fashion</span> <span
  m='719790'>along this continuous mass distribution.</span> </p><p><span
  m='722190'>So now I can evaluate both integrals.</span> </p><p><span
  m='725340'>On this side, I have the integral</span> <span m='726750'>of a
  constant with respect to the tension.</span> </p><p><span m='729410'>And so
  that's just going to give me t of x minus t of 0,</span> <span m='737850'>and
  that's equal to minus mg over l.</span> </p><p><span m='742700'>The interval
  of dx prime from 0 to x is just x.</span> </p><p><span m='748930'>So this
  tells me how the tension changes from the endpoint</span> <span m='754410'>to
  some arbitrary position x.</span> </p><p><span m='757810'>If I want to
  actually solve for t of x,</span> <span m='761240'>I need to specify what the
  tension is at the endpoint.</span> </p><p><span m='764241'>But we know what
  the tension is at the endpoint.</span> </p><p><span m='766240'>We found that
  earlier.</span> </p><p><span m='767400'>We solved from the simple argument
  that at the endpoint,</span> <span m='771960'>the tension here is just equal
  to the weight</span> <span m='776410'>of the entire length of rope below that
  point.</span> </p><p><span m='783000'>So we know that t at x equals 0 is just
  equal to mg.</span> </p><p><span m='788550'>And therefore, the tension at
  position</span> <span m='791570'>x is just-- if I bring [INAUDIBLE] of 0 to
  this side</span> <span m='795800'>is just mg minus mg x over l.</span>
  </p><p><span m='806050'>And so I can just write that as mg times 1 minus x
  over l.</span> </p><p><span m='815640'>So that tells me what the
  tension</span> <span m='818520'>is as a function of position.</span>
  </p><p><span m='820460'>Note again that if I put in x equals 0, I just get
  mg.</span> </p><p><span m='824810'>If I put in x equals l, I get the tension
  is 0.</span> </p><p><span m='829370'>And for any point in between, we see that
  the tension varies</span> <span m='833500'>smoothly between mg and 0.</span>
  </p><p><span m='836890'>This is exactly the same result we found
  earlier</span> <span m='838930'>by just cutting the rope at x and
  asking</span> <span m='842500'>how do we balance the weight of the
  remaining</span> <span m='845040'>rope below that point.</span> </p><p><span
  m='847030'>But the advantage of this technique</span> <span m='848690'>which
  is a little bit more complicated,</span> <span m='850580'>is that it's a very
  powerful technique</span> <span m='853630'>applicable to any continuous
  distribution of mass.</span> </p><p><span m='856540'>So in this specific
  problem, if instead of the uniform density</span> <span m='861690'>rope that
  we had here, imagine we had a clumpy rope where</span> <span m='865570'>the
  mass of the rope wasn't distributed smoothly,</span> <span m='869670'>but
  there were clumps, little parts of the rope that</span> <span m='873730'>were
  heavier than others, and so the density varied</span> <span m='877100'>with
  position along the rope.</span> </p><p><span m='878841'>In that case, we would
  represent that when</span> <span m='880590'>we were writing what our mass
  element delta m is.</span> </p><p><span m='883420'>Delta m, instead of just
  being delta x over l times m,</span> <span m='887230'>where here, delta x over
  l was the uniform density</span> <span m='890330'>of the rope, we would have
  to put</span> <span m='891800'>in some position-dependent density.</span>
  </p><p><span m='894070'>So delta n would depend upon position.</span>
  </p><p><span m='897550'>And then when I did this integral, instead of</span>
  <span m='900110'>a constant out front with my integral of dx prime,</span>
  <span m='903010'>I would have some thing that was a function of x,</span>
  <span m='905812'>and I'd get a different value for the integral.</span>
  </p><p><span m='907770'>But the technique would still work.</span>
  </p><p><span m='909950'>So this differential analysis technique</span> <span
  m='912720'>is applicable to any system where we have a continuous mass</span>
  <span m='917140'>distribution.</span> </p><p><span m='917880'>And we're going
  to actually use this technique over and over</span> <span m='920960'>again in
  this course.</span> </p><p><span m='921850'>We'll see it a number of
  times.</span> </p><p><span m='923300'>This is just the first instance we're
  using it.</span> </p><p><span m='925600'>We wanted to introduce you carefully
  to the approach.</span> </p><p></p>
embedded_media:
  - uid: 49bf3b6aa5dca84d8dd959ba9cb13adb
    parent_uid: 0c8e7d5327e985511f8df76215f8a26e
    id: Video-YouTube-Stream
    title: Video-YouTube-Stream
    type: Video
    media_location: NBOL5X13UFY
  - uid: 52aeb9f9f24a6a99cb02b2be8df0e547
    parent_uid: 0c8e7d5327e985511f8df76215f8a26e
    id: Thumbnail-YouTube-JPG
    title: Thumbnail-YouTube-JPG
    type: Thumbnail
    media_location: 'https://img.youtube.com/vi/NBOL5X13UFY/default.jpg'
  - uid: 3a680950ef19f54271253c44cbaba72d
    parent_uid: 0c8e7d5327e985511f8df76215f8a26e
    id: 3Play-3PlayYouTubeid-MP4
    title: 3Play-3Play YouTube id
    type: 3Play
    media_location: NBOL5X13UFY
  - uid: af0eb9cca9a577edee7b2595e14b5285
    parent_uid: 0c8e7d5327e985511f8df76215f8a26e
    id: Video-iTunesU-MP4
    title: Video-iTunes U-MP4
    type: Video
    media_location: 'https://itunes.apple.com/us/itunes-u/id1223579658'
  - uid: 347bbe3a40a9d32c6f2a33b1bbe7f755
    parent_uid: 0c8e7d5327e985511f8df76215f8a26e
    id: Video-InternetArchive-MP4
    title: Video-Internet Archive-MP4
    type: Video
    media_location: 'https://archive.org/download/MIT8.01F16/MIT8_01F16_L13v02_360p.mp4'
  - uid: b241a370b356654f12c674480d033a67
    parent_uid: 0c8e7d5327e985511f8df76215f8a26e
    id: NBOL5X13UFY.srt
    title: 3play caption file
    type: null
    technical_location: >-
      https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/week-4-drag-forces-constraints-and-continuous-systems/13.2-differential-analysis-of-a-massive-rope/13.2-differential-analysis-of-a-massive-rope/NBOL5X13UFY.srt
  - uid: 404503d75524611651accebf64a85fd1
    parent_uid: 0c8e7d5327e985511f8df76215f8a26e
    id: NBOL5X13UFY.pdf
    title: 3play pdf file
    type: null
    technical_location: >-
      https://ocw.mit.edu/courses/physics/8-01sc-classical-mechanics-fall-2016/week-4-drag-forces-constraints-and-continuous-systems/13.2-differential-analysis-of-a-massive-rope/13.2-differential-analysis-of-a-massive-rope/NBOL5X13UFY.pdf
  - uid: 97d7c6026c174b80f125de2b51aa9565
    parent_uid: 0c8e7d5327e985511f8df76215f8a26e
    id: Caption-3Play YouTube id-SRT
    title: Caption-3Play YouTube id-SRT-English - US
    type: Caption
  - uid: 7d5f6c7f5f720bec8b038b7aeaf9465e
    parent_uid: 0c8e7d5327e985511f8df76215f8a26e
    id: Transcript-3Play YouTube id-PDF
    title: Transcript-3Play YouTube id-PDF-English - US
    type: Transcript
type: courses
layout: video
---
