site/content/courses/21m-295-american-popular-music-fall-2014/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 21m-295-american-popular-music-fall-2014
course_title: American Popular Music
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/21m-295-american-popular-music-fall-2014/a57dec71093e5b2433d7f4fd060d667e_21m-295f14.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>This course surveys the development of popular music in the United States
  and in a cross-cultural milieu relative to the history and sociology of the
  last two hundred years. It examines the ethnic mixture that characterizes
  modern music, how it reflects many rich traditions and styles, and provides a
  background for understanding the musical vocabulary of current popular music
  styles.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Teresa Neff
  departments:
    - Music and Theater Arts
  topics:
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Music
      speciality: Music History
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Music
      speciality: Music Theory
  course_numbers:
    - 21M.295
  term: Fall 2014
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  21m-295-american-popular-music-fall-2014:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/21m-295-american-popular-music-fall-2014/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 21m-295-american-popular-music-fall-2014
course_title: American Popular Music
course_image_url: >-
  https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/21m-295-american-popular-music-fall-2014/a57dec71093e5b2433d7f4fd060d667e_21m-295f14.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: Two guitars combined into one.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>An acoustic and an electric guitar. In this course, students analyzed the
  instrumentation form of various assigned popular songs. (Acoustic guitar
  courtesy of <a
  href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/smileeyface1993/8577502476/">Megan
  Allen</a> on Flickr; electric guitar courtesy of <a
  href="http://www.flickr.com/photos/eprater/8305906536/">Ethan Prater</a> on
  Flickr. Licenses: CC BY.)</p> <p>&nbsp;</p> <p>&nbsp;</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>This course surveys the development of popular music in the United States
  and in a cross-cultural milieu relative to the history and sociology of the
  last two hundred years. It examines the ethnic mixture that characterizes
  modern music, how it reflects many rich traditions and styles, and provides a
  background for understanding the musical vocabulary of current popular music
  styles.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Teresa Neff
  departments:
    - Music and Theater Arts
  topics:
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Music
      speciality: Music History
    - topic: Fine Arts
      subtopic: Music
      speciality: Music Theory
  course_numbers:
    - 21M.295
  term: Fall 2014
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  21m-295-american-popular-music-fall-2014:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
