site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
course_title: The Analytics Edge
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>This course presents real-world examples in which quantitative methods
  provide a significant competitive edge that has led to a first order impact on
  some of today's most important companies. We outline the competitive landscape
  and present the key quantitative methods that created the edge (data-mining,
  dynamic optimization, simulation), and discuss their impact.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Dimitris Bertsimas
  departments:
    - Sloan School of Management
  topics:
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Management
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Operations Management
    - topic: Mathematics
      subtopic: Probability and Statistics
  course_numbers:
    - '15.071'
  term: Spring 2017
  level: Graduate
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
course_title: The Analytics Edge
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: >-
  A set of male icons on left connected to a corresponding set of female icons
  on the right with numbered dotted lines.
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>The eHarmony online dating website takes a quantitative approach to
  matchmaking matches rather than solely relying on subscribers to browse
  profiles. (Male and female icons are in the public domain. Source: <a
  href="https://openclipart.org/">Openclipart</a>.)</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>This course presents real-world examples in which quantitative methods
  provide a significant competitive edge that has led to a first order impact on
  some of today's most important companies. We outline the competitive landscape
  and present the key quantitative methods that created the edge (data-mining,
  dynamic optimization, simulation), and discuss their impact.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Dimitris Bertsimas
  departments:
    - Sloan School of Management
  topics:
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Management
    - topic: Business
      subtopic: Operations Management
    - topic: Mathematics
      subtopic: Probability and Statistics
  course_numbers:
    - '15.071'
  term: Spring 2017
  level: Graduate
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
