site/content/courses/6-033-computer-system-engineering-spring-2018/_index.md, before:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 6-033-computer-system-engineering-spring-2018
course_title: Computer System Engineering
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_description: >-
  <p>This class covers topics on the engineering of computer software and
  hardware systems. Topics include techniques for controlling complexity; strong
  modularity using client-server design, operating systems; performance,
  networks; naming; security and privacy; fault-tolerant systems, atomicity and
  coordination of concurrent activities, and recovery; impact of computer
  systems on society.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Katrina LaCurts
  departments:
    - Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
  topics:
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
      speciality: Computer Design and Engineering
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
      speciality: Computer Networks
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
      speciality: Operating Systems
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
      speciality: Software Design and Engineering
  course_numbers:
    - '6.033'
  term: Spring 2018
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  6-033-computer-system-engineering-spring-2018:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---

Commit message:

Added updated markdown based on latest json in open-learning-course-data and changes to ocw-to-hugo to support course image alt and caption text. (#96)

site/content/courses/6-033-computer-system-engineering-spring-2018/_index.md, after:

---
title: Course Home
course_id: 6-033-computer-system-engineering-spring-2018
course_title: Computer System Engineering
course_image_url: images/course_image.jpg
course_image_alternate_text: 'Diagram of information between servers. '
course_image_caption_text: >-
  <p>Diagram of a transaction system which provides atomicity and isolation.
  Information is sent between the coordinator, view server, primary server, and
  backup server as indicated by arrows. Image by Dr. Katrina LaCurts.</p>
course_description: >-
  <p>This class covers topics on the engineering of computer software and
  hardware systems. Topics include techniques for controlling complexity; strong
  modularity using client-server design, operating systems; performance,
  networks; naming; security and privacy; fault-tolerant systems, atomicity and
  coordination of concurrent activities, and recovery; impact of computer
  systems on society.</p>
course_info:
  instructors:
    - Prof. Katrina LaCurts
  departments:
    - Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
  topics:
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
      speciality: Computer Design and Engineering
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
      speciality: Computer Networks
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
      speciality: Operating Systems
    - topic: Engineering
      subtopic: Computer Science
      speciality: Software Design and Engineering
  course_numbers:
    - '6.033'
  term: Spring 2018
  level: Undergraduate
menu:
  6-033-computer-system-engineering-spring-2018:
    identifier: course-home
    weight: -10
---
