site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/_index.md, before:

---
title: >-
  1.2 The Analytics Edge: Intelligence, Happiness, and Health  (Lecture
  Sequence)
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: >-
      9fb459369f44df97dad389bb5d1aa82c_the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence
    weight: 80
---
*   [<Welcome to Unit 1]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/welcome-to-unit-1" %}})
*   [1.2.1Video 1: Introduction to The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence" %}})
*   [1.2.2Video 2: Example 1 - IBM Watson]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-2-example-1-ibm-watson" %}})
*   [1.2.3Video 3: Example 2 - eHarmony]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-3-example-2-eharmony" %}})
*   [1.2.4Video 4: Example 3 - The Framingham Heart Study]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-4-example-3-the-framingham-heart-study" %}})
*   [1.2.5Video 5: Example 4 - D2Hawkeye]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-5-example-4-d2hawkeye" %}})
*   [1.2.6Video 6: This Class]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-6-this-class" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Example 1 - IBM Watson]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-2-example-1-ibm-watson" %}})

Video 1: Introduction to The Analytics Edge
-------------------------------------------

The slides from all videos in this Lecture Sequence can be downloaded here: [Introduction to the Analytics Edge (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/9e84c60ff05f5ad6c2be78008f392422_MIT15_071S17_Unit1_AnalyticsEdgeIntro.pdf).

*   [BackWelcome to Unit 1]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/welcome-to-unit-1" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Example 1 - IBM Watson]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-2-example-1-ibm-watson" %}})

Commit message:

Set the parent value on menu entries for pages that are children.

site/content/courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/_index.md, after:

---
title: >-
  1.2 The Analytics Edge: Intelligence, Happiness, and Health  (Lecture
  Sequence)
course_id: 15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017
menu:
  15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017:
    identifier: >-
      9fb459369f44df97dad389bb5d1aa82c_the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence
    weight: 80
    parent: bebdc8ab5b1f9682d6b762b671b5cf25_an-introduction-to-analytics
---
*   [<Welcome to Unit 1]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/welcome-to-unit-1" %}})
*   [1.2.1Video 1: Introduction to The Analytics Edge]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence" %}})
*   [1.2.2Video 2: Example 1 - IBM Watson]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-2-example-1-ibm-watson" %}})
*   [1.2.3Video 3: Example 2 - eHarmony]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-3-example-2-eharmony" %}})
*   [1.2.4Video 4: Example 3 - The Framingham Heart Study]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-4-example-3-the-framingham-heart-study" %}})
*   [1.2.5Video 5: Example 4 - D2Hawkeye]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-5-example-4-d2hawkeye" %}})
*   [1.2.6Video 6: This Class]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-6-this-class" %}})
*   [\\>Video 2: Example 1 - IBM Watson]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-2-example-1-ibm-watson" %}})

Video 1: Introduction to The Analytics Edge
-------------------------------------------

The slides from all videos in this Lecture Sequence can be downloaded here: [Introduction to the Analytics Edge (PDF)](https://open-learning-course-data.s3.amazonaws.com/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/9e84c60ff05f5ad6c2be78008f392422_MIT15_071S17_Unit1_AnalyticsEdgeIntro.pdf).

*   [BackWelcome to Unit 1]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/welcome-to-unit-1" %}})
*   [ContinueVideo 2: Example 1 - IBM Watson]({{% ref "courses/15-071-the-analytics-edge-spring-2017/sections/an-introduction-to-analytics/the-analytics-edge-intelligence-happiness-and-health-lecture-sequence/video-2-example-1-ibm-watson" %}})
